No, you never get any fun out of the things you haven't done. 
The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches, but reveal to them their own. 
Don’t die with your music still inside you. Listen to your intuitive inner voice and find what passion stirs your soul. 
Most people fail in life, not because they aim to high and miss; most people fail in life, because they aim too low and hit. 
What we have once enjoyed we can never lose. All that we love deeply becomes a part of us. 
To thine own self be true, and it must follow, as the night the day, thou canst not then be false to any man. 
There are two ways of meeting difficulties: you alter the difficulties, or you alter yourself to meet them. 
The man on top of the mountain didn't fall there. 
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle. 
Criticism is something we can avoid easily by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing. 
It is not because thing are difficult that we do not dare: it is because we do not dare that they are difficult. 
If a task is worth doing, it is worth doing at the earliest reasonable time. If it is not worth doing, forget it! 
You may not be able to do all you find out, but make sure you find out all you can do. 
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact. 
It is very rare or almost impossible that an event can be negative from all points of view. 
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. 
When you find peace within yourself, you become the kind of person who can live at peace with others. -Peace Pilgrim

If you don't like how things are, change it!  You're not a tree. 
Life is like riding a bicycle - in order to keep your balance, you must keep moving. 
The meaning of life is to find your gift.  The purpose of life is to give it away. 
If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade

Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are. 
There is no such thing in anyone's life as an unimportant day. 
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however. 
How wonderful that no one need wait a single moment to improve the world. 
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe. 
Let’s dare to be ourselves, for we do that better than anyone else can. 
The task of leadership is not to put greatness into people, but to elicit it, for the greatness is there already. 
Such as are thy habitual thoughts, such also will be the character of thy mind; for the soul is dyed by the thoughts. 
You are awesome :) So glad you like them!

Some complain that roses have thorns - others rejoice that thorns have roses! 
Happiness and sadness run parallel to each other. When one takes a rest, the other one tends to take up the slack. 
Courage doesn’t always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, ‘I will try again tomorrow’. 
Will be away for three weeks, more quotes when I return! Take care everyone! 
Be pleasant until ten o'clock in the morning and the rest of the day will take care of itself. 
The first and greatest victory is to conquer yourself; to be conquered by yourself is of all things most shameful and vile. 
The best way of avenging thyself is not to become like the wrong-doer. 
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope, not a wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything. 
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. 
Tis' better to live your own life imperfectly than to imitate someone else's perfectly. 
Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do. 
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them? 
My life didn't please me, so I created my life. 
In all of living, have much fun and laughter. Life is to be enjoyed, not just endured. 
Always aim at complete harmony of thought and word and deed. 
Don't be afraid of death; be afraid of an unlived life. You don't have to live forever, you just have to live. 
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. 
 Do not despise the bottom rungs in the ascent to greatness. -Publilius Syrus

Whatever you say to yourself, with emotion, generates thoughts, ideas and behaviors consistent with those words.

Your future depends on many things, but mostly on you. 
You've got to do your own growing, no matter how tall your grandfather was. 
The day will happen whether or not you get up. 
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. 
Things which matter most must never be at the mercy of things which matter least 
Tranquility is nothing else than the good ordering of the mind. 
It is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you are not. 
Dig the well before you are thirsty. 
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. 
Don't compromise yourself. You're all you've got. 
Everything you can imagine is real. 
All of us have the capacity to attract to ourselves what seems to be missing in our lives.

Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. 
Where there is love there is life. 
The winds of grace are always blowing, but you have to raise the sail. 
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. 
When you lose, don't lose the lesson. 
Every day is conquerable by its hours, and every hour by its minutes. 
The only way you may correct the bad things in your past is to add better things to your future. 
Faith is to believe what you do not yet see; the reward for this faith is to see what you believe. 
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. ― Eleanor Roosevelt

Look within. Within is the fountain of good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig. 
Be silly. Be honest. Be kind. 
It takes less time to do a thing right, than it does to explain why you did it wrong. 
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. 
Not everything that is faced can be changed; nothing can be changed until it is faced

Everything that happens to you, good or bad, is an opportunity for building your character. 
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. 
Take calculated risks. That is quite different from being rash. 
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe

Making a true decision means committing to achieving a result, and then cutting yourself off from any other possibility. 
Standing in the inspiring vision of my future, I boldly take every step - large and small - with courage and intent. 
Achievement seems to be connected with action. Successful men and women keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don’t quit.  
A good idea implemented today is better than a perfect idea implemented tomorrow. 
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. — C.S. Lewis

In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. 
We are all here for some special reason. Stop being a prisoner of your past. Become the architect of your future. 
Be content if the smallest thing goes on well, and consider such an event to be no small matter. 
Life will become easier the moment you become stronger. 
The key to success is to keep growing in all areas of life -- mental, emotional, spiritual, as well as physical. 
Imagination is even more important than knowledge. 
To the degree we're not living our dreams, our comfort zone has more control of us than we have over ourselves. 
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody is watching. 
The opposite of courage in our society is not cowardice, it is conformity. 
You need to make a commitment, and once you make it, then life will give you some answers. Les Brown

Never let your memories be greater than your dreams. 
Whenever you do a thing, act as if all the world were watching. 
Nothing softens the blows of life like a good sense of humor. 
Success is something you attract by the person you become. 
If you risk nothing, then you risk everything. 
Reflect upon your blessings, of which every man has plenty, not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some. 
A journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. 
All great things are slow of growth; nay this is true even of a grape or of a fig. 
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast. 
The flower that blooms in adversity is the rarest and most beautiful of all. 
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people. 
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. 
Hope is like the sun, which, as we journey toward it, casts the shadow of our burden behind us. 
A single rose can be my garden...a single friend, my world. 
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him. 
Be yourself - who else is better qualified. 
Don't hope for a position that people will have to follow, work to become the person they'll want to follow.

If you rest too long, the weeds take the garden. 
I am, indeed, a king, because I know how to rule myself. 
To be a great person, walk hand-in-hand and side-by-side with great people. 
There is no point at which you can say, ‘Well, I am successful now, I might as well relax'. 
Remember that happiness is a way of travel, not a destination. 
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other one thing. 
The best way to predict the future is to create it. 
The wise man will want to be ever with him who is better than himself. 
Only the weak are cruel. Gentleness can only be expected from the strong. 
Action is the antidote to despair. 
The trick is growing up without growing old. 
When there is great love, there are always miracles. 
Once the good appears, it attracts towards itself; evil repels. 
You always pass failure on the way to success. 
Success is something you attract by the person you become. 
You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. 
Don’t count the days - make the days count. 
A setback is a setup for a comeback. 
 Vision without action is a dream. Action without vision is simply passing the time. —Joel Barker

Your imagination is your preview of life's coming attractions. 
Look within. Within is the fountain of good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig. 
The secret of success is constancy to purpose. 
I tell you that virtue is not given by money, but that from virtue come money and every other good of man. 
When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this - you haven’t. 
The biggest human temptation is to settle for too little. 
 @LeaderQuote: Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work

Believe with all of your heart that you will do what you were made to do. 
Many receive advice, only the wise profit from it. 
The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances. 
The future is purchased by the present. 
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, howev ...

We tend to live up to our expectations. 
To avoid sickness, eat less. To prolong life, worry less. 
He who laughs, lasts. 
If there is no wind, row. 
Winning isn’t everything - but wanting to win is. 
Don’t go through life, grow through life. 
There is no traffic jam on the extra mile. 
Spectacular achievement is always preceded by spectacular preparation. 
The future depends on what we do in the present. 
The best place to get help is from yourself. 
Happiness is a present attitude - not a future condition. 
The harder you work, the luckier you get. 
When you win, nothing hurts. 
Focused action beats brilliance any day. 
Well begun is half done. 
If you are going to doubt something, doubt your limits. 
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds. 
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. 
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece. 
Success doesn’t come to you. You go to it. 
Don’t curse the darkness - light a candle. 
Progress results from persistence with purpose. 
If I only had three words of advice, they would be, Tell the Truth. If I got three more words, I would add, All the Ti ...

The time is always right to do what is right. 
Act as if it were impossible to fail. 
To get to the top...get off your bottom. 
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do. 
Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are.

If you are going to be successful, you gotta be willing to give up sleep. 
‎No man is free who is not master of himself. 
To seek out your own inner Peace is the greatest gift you could ever hope to give to this world. -Eric Walton

There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. 
Repetition is the mother of skill. 
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking. 
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. 
Never let life's hardships disturb you; no one can avoid problems, not even saints or sages.

If you feel you are down on your luck, check the level of your effort. 
So long as we can lose any happiness, we possess some. 
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. 
For every minute you are angry, you lose sixty seconds of happiness. 
The reputation of a thousand years may be determined by the conduct of one hour. 
 Nurture great thoughts for you cannot go higher than your thoughts

Without self-discipline, success is impossible, period. 
Your life may be the only Bible some people read. 
When the best things are not possible, the best may be made of those that are. 
At one point in your life you either have the thing you want or the reasons why you don’t

Don’t go to sleep until you succeed. 
Here is the key to success and the key to failure: we become what we think about. 
If you focus completely on the things you love, then you are on your way to a beautiful life. 
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.

It ain’t what they call you, it’s what you answer to. 
Don't put off living to next week, next month, next year or next decade. The only time you're ever living is in this moment. 
A man, as a general rule, owes very little to what he is born with - a man is what he makes himself. 
You are today where your thoughts have brought you; you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you.

Most of the shadows of life are caused by standing in our own sunshine. 
The trouble with most of us is that we would rather be ruined by praise than saved by criticism. 
Motivation without mobilization causes frustration. 
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. 
Nothing is so fatiguing as the eternal hanging on of an uncompleted task. 
People know you for what you've done, not for what you plan to do. 
Our greatest glory consists, not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. – Oliver Goldsmith

Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be. 
Minds are like parachutes. They only function when they are open. 
You cannot plough a field by turning it over in your mind. 
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do. 
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. 
Whenever you do a thing, act as if all the world were watching. 
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. 
Constant dripping hollows out a stone. 
Always desire to learn something useful. 
Your actions are magnets which attract people and circumstances of the same caliber. 
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of. 
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. 
Work spares us from three evils: boredom, vice, and need. 
Men's best successes come after their disappointments. 
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome. 
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. 
Remember that failure is an event, not a person.

The dictionary is the only place that success comes before work. 
One of the greatest discoveries a man makes, one of his great surprises, is to find he can do what he was afraid he couldn't do. 
Joy does not simply happen to us. We have to choose joy and keep choosing it every day. 
One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation. 
Your future is created by what you do today, not tomorrow. 
He who can suppress a moment’s anger may prevent days’ sorrow. 
You will find the key to success under the alarm clock. 
Procrastination is a thief which robs you of money by stealing your time. 
I believe that the only courage anybody ever needs is the courage to follow your own dreams. 
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood. 
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves. 
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach him how to fish and you feed him for a lifetime. 
Courtesy is the oil that lubricates the machinery of communication. 
To thine own self be true, and it must follow, as the night the day, thou canst not then be false to any man. 
To know what is right and not do it is the worst cowardice. 
Many of the things you can count, don't count. Many of the things you can't count, really count. 
The consequences of today are determined by the actions of the past. To change your future, alter your decisions today. 
A man has to live with himself, and he should see to it that he always has good company. 
I never did anything by accident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident; they came by work. 
Any time you sincerely want to make a change, the first thing you must do is to raise your standards. 
To be pleased with one’s limits is a wretched state. 
Do not conform any longer to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind. 
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other? 
A man who suffers before it is necessary, suffers more than is necessary. 
Anytime you suffer a setback or disappointment, put your head down and plow ahead. 
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says ‘I’m possible’! 
No great man ever complains of want of opportunities. 
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves. 
The height of your accomplishments will equal the depth of your convictions. 
Avoid negative people at all costs. They are the greatest destroyers of self confidence and self-esteem. 
It’s up to us as individuals to take control and responsibility for the type of lives that we want to lead. 
Do today what you want for your tomorrows. 
Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy. 
It is every man's obligation to put back into the world at least the equivalent of what he takes out of it. 
A man cannot be comfortable without his own approval. 
Not being able to govern events, I govern myself. 
Not what we say about our blessings, but how we use them, is the true measure of our thanksgiving. 
Hope is like the sun, which, as we journey toward it, casts the shadow of our burden behind us. 
We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope. 
If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment. 
Some pursue happiness, others create it. 
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today. 
It ain’t about how hard you hit, it’s about how hard you can get hit, and keep moving forward. 
Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow. 
The road to extraordinary living cannot be paved by ordinary actions. 
Total, unconditional acceptance of yourself is the first step in building a positive self-image. 
Taking an interest in what others are thinking and doing is often a much more powerful form of encouragement than praise. 
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty. 
Nine tenths of education is encouragement. 
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on. 
It is wiser to find out than suppose. 
The day you’re born, you’re given the world as your birthday present. 
Correction does much, but encouragement does more. 
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today. 
All that is human must retrograde if it does not advance. 
Kites rise highest against the wind - not with it.

Dreams are today's answers to tomorrow's questions. 
Everything that’s really worthwhile to us in life came free. 
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another. 
Forgiving is essential for continued growth. 
I try. I fail. I try again. I fail better. 
A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle. 
Whatever you are, be a good one. 
Nobody can hurt me without my permission. 
I slept and dreamt that life was joy. I awoke and saw that life was service. I acted and behold, service was joy. 
Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You. 
The whole world steps aside for the man who knows where he is going.  
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. 
Everyone is trying to accomplish something big, not realizing that life is made up of little things. 
Whenever you are confronted with an opponent, conquer him with love. 
If you want what normal people have, do what normal people do. But if you want what few have, then do what few do. 
If you don’t design your life, someone else will design it for you, and you may just not like their idea of balance. 
People who won’t take step number one never take step number two. 
Striving for success without hard work is like trying to harvest where you haven’t planted. 
It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believe in myself. 
Your chances of success in any undertaking can always be measured by your belief in yourself. 
One person with a belief is equal to a force of ninety-nine who have only interests. 
I am an optimist. It does not seem too much use being anything else. 
Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power and magic in it. 
The only thing that ever sat its way to success was a hen. 
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit. 
Plough deep while sluggards sleep. 
I wanted to change the world. But I have found that the only thing one can be sure of changing is oneself. 
Laws control the lesser man. Right conduct controls the greater one. 
Change your thoughts and you change your world. 
Don't join an easy crowd. You won't grow. Go where the expectations and the demands to perform and achieve are high. 
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don’t matter, and those who matter don’t mind. 
We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make our world. 
Only when your memories are more important to you than your goals are you old. 
You see things; and you say ‘Why?’ But I dream things that never were; and I say ‘Why not?’ 
If you want what normal people have, do what normal people do. But if you want what few have, then do what few do. 
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen. 
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit. 
Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. 
Feed your faith and your doubts will starve. 
Happiness doesn’t depend on outward conditions. It depends on inner conditions. 
There can be no happiness if the things we believe in are different from the things we do. 
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. 
Believe deep down in your heart that you’re destined to do great things. 
The difference between try and triumph is a little umph. 
No man ever wetted clay and then left it, as if there would be bricks by chance and fortune. 
Your time on this earth is limited, don't live someone else's life, live by your vision. 
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren’t used to an environment where excellence is expected. 
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up. 
Not being able to govern events, I govern myself. 
Those at the top of the mountain didn't fall there. 
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion. 
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy, they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom. 
One joy scatters a hundred griefs. 
God gives every bird its food, but He does not throw it into its nest. 
Dare to live the life you have dreamed for yourself. Go forward and make your dreams come true. 
Real elation is when you feel you could touch a star without standing on tiptoe. 
The minute you choose to do what you really want to do it’s a different kind of life. 
You can’t build a reputation on what you are going to do. 
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. 
Being realistic is the most commonly traveled road to mediocrity. 
Nobody is obliged to be a genius, but everybody is obliged to participate. 
You may never know what results come of your action, but if you do nothing there will be no result. 
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want. 
Men are made stronger on realization that the helping hand they need is at the end of their own arm. 
My advice to you is not to inquire why or whither, but just enjoy your ice cream while it’s on your plate. 
One filled with joy preaches without preaching. 
If you want to be happy, be. 
The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators. 
Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men. 
Of all the things you wear, your expression is the most important. 
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things. 
Let no feeling of discouragement prey upon you, and in the end you are sure to succeed. 
When I was young, I observed that nine out of ten things I did were failures.  So I did ten times more work. 
A successful person in one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her. 
Faith is taking the first step even when you don’t see the whole staircase. 
People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing - that’s why we recommend it daily. 
Those who sow abundantly reap abundantly. 
He who is outside his door has the hardest part of his journey behind him. 
Put your heart, mind, intellect and soul even to your smallest acts. This is the secret of success. 
I'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. 
Man's mind stretched to a new idea never goes back to its original dimensions. 
The human body is the best picture of the human soul. 
The knowledge of the world is only to be acquired in the world, and not in a closet. 
The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible. 
My country is the world, and my religion is to do good. 
When you learn, teach, when you get, give. 
Life is a paradise for those who love many things with a passion. 
Better keep yourself clean and bright; you are the window through which you must see the world. 
People of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things. 
By being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before. 
We cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are. 
If you have integrity, nothing else matters. If you don’t have integrity, nothing else matters. 
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing that you will make one. 
It will never rain roses: when we want to have more roses, we must plant more roses. 
Nobody can hurt me without my permission. 
If you’re going through hell, keep going. 
Your self-image controls your performance; see yourself as confident and in complete control. 
Go out into the world today and love the people you meet. Let your presence light new light in the hearts of people. 
Things turn out the best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out. 
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. 
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. 
How you think about a problem is more important than the problem itself. So always think positively. 
It will always be bright by you...whether it’s day or night...if you bring your own light. 
It’s not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives, but what we do consistently. 
The cave you fear to enter holds the treasure you seek. 
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don’t adjust the goals, adjust the action steps. 
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you’re the pilot. 
Your present circumstances don’t determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start. 
An amateur practices something until he gets it right. A professional practices until he can’t get it wrong. 
Nothing is as powerful as an idea whose time has come. 
Transcend political correctness and strive for human righteousness. 
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. 
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. 
Every job is a self-portrait of the person who does it. Autograph your work with excellence. 
Nothing can resist the human will that will stake even its existence on its stated purpose. 
If you work hard on your job, you can make a living. But if you work hard on yourself, you can make a fortune. 
It is the mind that maketh good of ill, that maketh wretch or happy, rich or poor. 
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by a conscious endeavor.
What the mind of a man can conceive and believe, it can achieve. 
Ambition is the path to success, persistence is the vehicle you arrive in. 
Much good work is lost for the lack of a little more. 
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear. 
Instead of giving myself reasons why I can't, I give myself reasons why I can. 
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened. 
Your income is primarily determined by your philosophy, not by the economy. 
We will either find a way, or make one. 
It is never too late to be what you might have been. 
Controlled focus is like a laser beam that can cut through anything that seems to be stopping you. 
I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward. 
If you help enough people get what they want, you can have everything you want. 
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. 
Problems are only opportunities with thorns on them. 
Success rarely comes to those who are expecting failure. 


Let the way you live your life be your testimony of what God has done in you.
Faith in God means faith in His timing.
Jesus is the one who knows the worst about you, but nevertheless, He the one who loves you the most.
Don’t use foul language. Let everything you say be good &amp; helpful, so that your words will b an encouragement to those who hear them
Eph4:29
I am with you always -Jesus
Knowing the Bible is one thing. Knowing the author is another!
We go and let God work.
My sin was great, but your love was greater.
I may fail, but God doesn't!
God has a good plan for your life!
God's timing is perfect.
God wants us to thrive, not just to survive!
My sin was great, but my God is greater!
What good is it to gain the whole and lose your soul?
God is able to take the mess of our past and turn it into a message.
If we are the salt of the earth, we need to make people thirsty for God.
How are you going to show God's character today?
God will never waste a hurt.
Teach us to number our days, that we may gain a heart of wisdom. —Psalm :12
You may not have felt planned, but God planned you. God wanted you.
You can't, but God can!
We need to be God pleasers instead of people pleasers
My God turns darkness into light.
You are only a prayer away from a conversation with the Creator of the universe.
Be careful how you think; your life is shaped by your thoughts
Let God be your rock when the world around you seems to crumble.
Jesus: My love for you was worth the pain.
God views every mess a masterpiece in the making
You might be traveling through a dark place right now. Keep going... something beautiful is coming.
Nothing outside of God is good for you.
Bibliotheca Bible Giveaway via
He who can kneel before God can stand before anyone.
Do not fall in love with the gift. Fall in love with the Giver
Turn to someone who is bigger than your problems.
Trust in Him at all times, you people; pour out your heart before Him; God is a refuge for us. —Psalm :8 nkjv
Fill the space of 'wait' with prayer and praise.
Do not let your people pleasing get in the way of your destiny. Be a God pleaser instead!
In Christ, we find out WHO we are and WHAT we are living for!
Don't give up, look up
It is finished. He has done it. No longer do we have to drag shame and condemnation around. !
It's not a sin to feel the emotion of anger; what we do with the feeling is where we fall into problems
Trust God. He's got this!
Seek the Kingdom of God above all else, and live righteously, and he will give you everything you need - Matthew :33
God will provide.
Every heartbeat is a blessing from God!
Regardless of what you may think, God loves you so much and that will not change.
There is nothing good for you outside of God
You don't know God is all you need until God is all you have
Don't give up. Don't lose faith. You'll be ok.
If everything seems to be going wrong, you feel out of place. Know that He is with you.
Giving your worries to God means LEAVING them with Him.
You don't have to do this on your own.
The more time you spend with God. The more you will understand the will for your life.
Be strong and courageous, for God is with you today.
"When there is no clarity, faith is all you need" Mother Teresa
What do you benefit if you gain the whole world but lose your own soul? Is anything worth more than your soul?
You may not understand today or tomorrow, but eventually God will reveal why you had to go through what you did 
Find a place of quiet where you can hear the Shepherd's voice. "He leads me beside still waters..."
Do what you can and God will do what you cannot.
I may be lost, but Lord you are my guide.
God alone knows the best way, and I will follow you.
But those who HOPE in the Lord will renew their strength. Thess :11
Do my words build up or tear down?
Gods love cannot be earned, won, or be rewarded. It can only be accepted.
When you open the Bible, you are opening God's mouth.
God's Word will separate earthly motives from heaven's intent
The person who cannot forgive has forgotten how much they have been forgiven of.
I have a plan.. Do you trust me?
Forgiveness is medicine for the soul.
Jesus gave what the world couldn't offer us.
If Jesus knocked on your door today, is there an area of your life you wouldn't want Him to see? Maybe that's where He would like to be.
God fulfilled His part of the covenant, and sent Jesus to fulfil our part..
No one can measure up to what God has to offer. God doesn't always work how we eect, but He always comes through!
Don't let anything take God's place in your heart - John :21
When you have Jesus on the inside, you're never on the outside.
You can't change yesterday and tomorrow hasn't happened. So don't let worry ruin today
You are my strength. The LORD is my rock, my fortress, and my savior; my God is my rock, in whom I find protection.
Jesus is fighting for you. Even if you can't see or feel it.
Friends, this world is not your home, so don’t make yourselves cozy in it. Don’t indulge your ego at the eense of your soul.
God is close to you in this dark, lonely time. He's holding your hand and will not let go.
If it's big enough to worry about, it's big enough to pray about
By looking at creation we can learn about the creator.
Empty yourself so God can fill you.
When fear comes knocking, send faith to answer
We should strive to be God-pleasers, not man-pleasers.
Pour out the love that God's pouring into you.
We are here to serve God and not the other way around.
Inner beauty shines brighter 
When things don’t go the way you had planned, trust that God has something better in mind.
Don't look back, you're not heading in that direction
Stop remembering what God has forgotten
My sin was great, but my God is greater!
Lord I pray that I may never forget that I am here to serve you. NOT that you are here to serve me
Don't be a spectator, be a participant in God's Kingdom!
I highly recommend reading: Driven By Eternity by
This is something that everyone needs to hear.
Great leaders create caring communities.
God's way is perfect. All the LORD's promises prove true. He is a shield for all who look to him for protection. Corinthians :30
True wisdom means seeking after God's heart.
There's no way for you to make God love you any more or any less.
We can, however, please God through our words, thoughts &amp; deeds.
Our words can bring life or death, it can bring healing or pain. Choose your words wisely.
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness
"God is about to enlarge things for you, but if it’s going to get bigger, you have to go deeper!" Christine Caine
When we fix our eyes on what is eternal, everything is put into perspective.
Bible study is so important. Not only for your relationship with God, but for your relationship with yourself and others.
No matter how much you feel you have failed; God loves you regardless.
Knowing the Bible is one thing. Knowing the author is another!
If you get too caught up in the 'what if's' you will never get to the place of 'what's next'
Grace is forgiving someone that has not asked for your forgiveness.
God's love does not change for you. You cannot make Him love you any more and you cannot make him Love you any less.
If our God is for us, than who could stand against us?!
God fulfilled His part of the covenant, and sent Jesus to fulfil our part..
For the Son of Man came to find and restore the lost. - Luke :10
In Christ ALONE my hope is found!!! Look to the right person for your hope.
Your present situation is not your final destination. The best is yet to come!
Earth does not give you a problem that heaven will not have a solution for!
He withholds no good thing.
Don't allow people's words to hurt.
Stay strong in God
Do not forget who you are in Christ.
"Wisdom isn't knowing all the answers - it's knowing what's important, and waking in light of that"
We are what we live. Not just what we preach.
God is our solid rock in times of uncertainty. Trust that He has good plans for you.
He still loves you.
He still forgives you.
And you're still His!
God created you on purpose for a purpose! Mission: To know Him, To make Him known.
Even in our darkest hours. God is still at work.
"Do not be anxious about anything, but in every situation, by prayer and petition"
The Spirit awakens in us a deep and profound yearning for God’s presence.
When you have God, you have MORE than enough!
Nothing - no matter how improbable, impossible or incredible- nothing is too hard for the Lord
"Draw close to Him and He shall draw close to you" 
He who can kneel before God can stand before anyone.
Nothing is impossible for you. You hold my world in your hands.
GOD is the source of . Not your circumstance!
When you have Jesus on the inside your never on the outside
'Enjoy where you're at on the way to where you are going'
Work in ? Churches across the country are praying for you today. You can read/submit prayers too!
Be excited for what God has planned for you this week. Every blessing come from His hand!
"Don't become so well-adjusted to your culture that you fit into it without even thinking. Instead, fix your attention on God" Romans
God wants us to thrive, not just to survive!
God's always on time...
Never doubt what one prayer can do.
God is the master designer for our life. He has a plan.
We are not meant to be perfect.
We are meant to be whole
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness
Finding true love first starts with finding that in God.
Trust the timing of your life.
In Christ ALONE my hope is found!!! Look to the right person for your hope.
Don't point a finger, hold out a hand
Your present situation is not your final destination. The best is yet to come!
Pray for your needs rather than money. God wants you to trust Him not paper!
Wear God. Work for God. Love God.
When you are waiting. God is working.
God never promises the absence of storms. He just promises to walk with us through them.
Knowing the Bible is one thing. Knowing the author is another!
"Do you believe, what you really believe is really real? "
Wosdom transforms people who hold it.
If any of my followers work in the media industry you should follow . A great connection and support for media believers!
Gods love cannot be earned, won, or be rewarded. It can only be accepted.
God loves you whether you like it or not!
Love. As your Father loves you.
Forget the past. Don't worry about the future. Trust God's plan!
Trust God will provide for you.
"Only when our greatest love is God, a love that we cannot lose, even in death, can we face all things with peace."
Earth does not give you a problem that heaven will not have a solution for!
He who can kneel before God can stand before anyone.
No matter how long you might have to wait, God's timing is ALWAYS perfect!
God formed us. Sin deformed us. Jesus transformed us!
Don't you dare give up because it's tough. Push through. Stay encouraged!!
Guilt is not from God. He forgives and FORGETS!
He who can kneel before God can stand before anyone.
Don't ever let anyone tell you that you are not good enough, because Jesus thinks you're to die for.
Some circumstances may not feel good or appear to be good, but God will cause them all to work together to bring about good!
Before God opens a door, we need to be praising Him in the hallway.
God does not call the equipped. He equips the called.
God's love never fails. It never gives up. It will never run out on you.
My fear is silenced in His love.
You are too to be stressed!
When you are down to nothing, God is up to something!
I have a plan.. Do you trust me?
Struggles are temporary, fix your eyes on what is eternal.
Pray more. Worry less.
Let your past make you better not bitter!
Let your faith be bigger than your fears!
Ask Seek Knock 'God is the reason why
Even in pain, I trust; In confusion, I believe; In betrayal, I hope; And in fear, I never give up' 
When you don't know what to do, just pray.
Pour your heart out to God. Don't keep things bottled up inside. Pray from your heart. ️
God is &gt; your problems By feeding your faith, your fears will go hungry and wither..
Today, trust in The Lord with ALL your heart!
When something bad happens, God's heart is the first to break.
God is close to the broken-hearted
God hates sin but LOVES the sinner.
As long as you think your past is bad you must be improving
It's okay to have a bad day
A ship in the harbor is safe. But that's not what ships are for.
You have survived every single bad day so far
Look in the MIRROR... That's your COMPETITION.
BE STRONG You never know who you are inspiring
I never wake up today with yesterday's problems.
If you're going through hell, KEEP GOING.
Fear stops people from accomplishing their goals.
The boundary between what can be and your life, is your ideas
If people are not laughing at your goals, your goals are too small
Just because you took longer than others, doesn’t mean you failed.
Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth
Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing flawlessly.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
Don’t be afraid to go out on a limb. That’s where the fruit is.
Think like a man of action; act like a man of thought.
If you get up one more time than you fall, you will make it through
He is able who thinks he is able.
No matter how hard the past, you can always begin again.
From small beginnings come great things.
Don’t be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams.
More powerful than the will to win is the courage to begin.
Fear is a natural reaction to moving closer to the truth.
Commitment in the face of conflict produces character.
Don’t let today’s disappointments cast a shadow on tomorrow’s dreams.
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower
A man’s errors are his portals of discovery.
Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows will fall behind you.
Doing your best means never stop trying.
A hard fall means a high bounce…if you’re made of the right material.
I cannot make my days longer so I strive to make them better.
Whenever you fall, pick something up. 
Care and diligence bring luck.
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
You can do what’s reasonable or you can decide what’s possible.
Nothing exterior to me will ever take command of me.
Nothing is impossible to him who will try.
If there are no struggles, there is no progress.
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.
If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got.
Opportunities don't happen, you create them.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Don't raise your voice, improve your argument.
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.
No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem.
You can do anything, but not everything.
It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.
The starting point of all achievement is desire.
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out.
All progress takes place outside the comfort zone.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear--not absence of fear.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.
There is no traffic jam along the extra mile.
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.
What would you do if you weren't afraid.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
Life isn’t about getting and having, it’s about giving and being.
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse.
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement.
We must balance conspicuous consumption with conscious capitalism.
Life is what happens to you while you’re busy making other plans.
We become what we think about.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
An unexamined life is not worth living.
Eighty percent of success is showing up.
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.
There is no easy way from the earth to the stars
It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable.
If it’s endurable, then endure it. Stop complaining.
If you would be a good reader, read; if a writer, write.
Fire tries gold, misfortune tries brave men.
It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness.
It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.
No great thing is created suddenly.
There is no shame in making an honest effort.
The Way Get Started Is To Quit Talking And Begin Doing.
Don’t Let Yesterday Take Up Too Much Of Today.
We May Encounter Many Defeats But We Must Not Be Defeated.
We Generate Fears While We Sit. We Overcome Them By Action.
Whether You Think You Can Or Think You Can’t, You’re Right.
The Man Who Has Confidence In Himself Gains The Confidence Of Others.
Creativity Is Intelligence Having Fun.
Do What You Can With All You Have, Wherever You Are.
You Are Never Too Old To Set Another Goal Or To Dream A New Dream.
To See What Is Right And Not Do It Is A Lack Of Courage.
If you’re going through hell keep going.
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
Believe that you can do it cause you can do it.
It always seems impossible until it is done.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
Never, never, never give up.
Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men.
One today is worth two tomorrows.
We rise by lifting others.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, “I’m possible!”
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.
Be like a postage stamp. Stick to it until you get there
Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools.
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher.
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
Education is the best provision for old age.
The best road to progress is freedom's road.
Life is about making an impact, not making an income.
Either you run the day, or the day runs you.
The best revenge is massive success.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Do your own thing on your own terms and get what you came here for.
Cultivation of mind should be the ultimate aim of human existence.
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. 
The struggle ends when the gratitude begins.
Obsessed is a word that the lazy use to describe the dedicated. 
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change.
No matter how you feel, Get up, dress up, show up and never give up.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Even if you fall on your face you’re still moving forward.
Well done is better than well said.
It’s always too early to quit.
Leap, and the net will appear.
One finds limits by pushing them.
The wise does at once what the fool does at last.
Do not watch the clock. Do what it does. Keep going.
I’ve failed over and over and over again. And that is why I succeed.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
There is always room at the top.
You can’t build a reputation on what you are going to do.
Success is going from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned.
You just can’t beat the person who never gives up.
The more we do the more we can do.
Fortune sides with him who dares.
The secret to success is to know something nobody else knows.
Without self-discipline, success is impossible, period.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
If you quit ONCE it becomes a habit.Never quit!!!
It always seems impossible until it's done. 
Do more of what makes you happy. 
Do it now.Sometimes 'later' becomes 'never'. 
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today. 
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Good things happen to those who hustle.
Don't let your sorrow come higher than your knees.
A winner makes commitments. A loser makes promises.
It's good to do uncomfortable things. It's weight training for life.
The past does not equal the future.
Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
When the whole world is silent, even one voice becomes powerful.
Knowing what must be done does away with fear.
Creativity takes courage.
Every artist was first an amateur.
We don't make mistakes, just happy little accidents.
I am seeking, I am striving, I am in it with all my heart.
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
The main thing is to be moved, to love, to hope, to tremble, to live.
To be an artist is to believe in life.
One can have no smaller or greater mastery than mastery of oneself.
Great things are done by a series of small things brought together.
Inspiration does exist but it must find you working.
Everything has its beauty, but not everyone sees it.
Do not fear mistakes - there are none.
I would rather die of passion than of boredom.
An ounce of practice is better than tons of teaching.
The trouble is you think you have time.
The more real you get, the more unreal the world gets.
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it.
If you don't give up, you still have a chance.
The only way to work is to love what you do.
Be stubborn about your goals, and flexible about your methods.
A dream becomes a goal when action is taken toward its achievement.
The goal is not to get rich. The goal is to live rich.
Dont let someone else’s opinion of you become your reality.
Success does not come to you, you go to it.
If you want to shine like a sun, first burn like a sun.
Failure is an opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
Not how long, but how well you have lived is the main thing.
The energy of the mind is the essence of life.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
In 20 years, you probably won't even remember this.
Never cowardly or cruel. Never give up, never give in.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
This too, shall pass.
There is only one happiness in life – to love and to be loved.
Life's too mysterious to take too serious.
It's OK to not be OK, as long as you don't stay that way.
Technology is a useful servant but a dangerous master.
The science of today is the technology of tomorrow
The only constant in the technology industry is change
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
I do not like to repeat successes, I like to go on to other things.
A man should never neglect his family for business.
When you're curious, you find lots of interesting things to do.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything
The secret of getting ahead is getting started
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus
Courage is resistance to fear, master of fear, not absence of fear
Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the rest
A person who won't read has no advantage over one who can't read
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up
Humor is mankind's greatest blessing
When you fish for love, bait with your heart, not your brain
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been
When in doubt, tell the truth
We cannot direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails.
When I started counting my blessings, my whole life turned around.
We are what we believe we are.
There is nothing so stable as change.
Reality is wrong. Dreams are for real.
Skills are cheap. Passion is priceless.
I think the thing to do is enjoy the ride while you’re on it.
Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.
Mistakes are the portals of discovery.
Opportunities don’t happen, you create them.
 I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.
Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing. 
A ship in port is safe, but that's not what ships are built for.
You don't manage people; you manage things. You lead people.
Be first and be lonely.
A good compromise is one where everybody makes a contribution.
I choose to make the rest of my life the best of my life.
In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different.
Oh captain, my captain.
Go ahead. Look out the window. Isn't it a beautiful day?
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
It's a slow process, but quitting won't speed it up.
The man on top of the mountain didn't fall there.
I can and I will. Watch me.
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.
Be so good they can't ignore you.
The expert in anything was once a beginner.
Wake up. Kick ass. Repeat.
Failure is a bruise, not a tattoo.
A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor.
Go the extra mile -- it's never crowded.
Look in the mirror... That's your competition.
I won't be a rock star. I will be a legend.
Once you have a lot of success, you become a target in many ways.
Keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.
Success is the most important to many, to me it's just a bonus.
I think that success is having fun.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
To know oneself, one should assert oneself.
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water.
Enjoy failure and learn from it. You can never learn from success.
Create each day anew.
We make the world we live in and shape our own environment.
To do a common thing uncommonly well brings success.
Without an open-minded mind, you can never be a great success.
Today is the only day. Yesterday is gone.
Success breeds success, and failure leads to a sort of fallow period.
One fails forward toward success.
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
Try to be like the turtle - at ease in your own shell.
It's always too early to quit.
My greatest success story has been my family.
I'm a motivational speaker.
Arriving at one goal is the starting point to another.
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows.
Think with your whole body.
Success is the child of audacity.
Actually, I'm an overnight success, but it took twenty years.
Prayer is man's greatest power!
If you think you can do it, you can.
Success has always been a great liar.
God always strives together with those who strive.
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
There is nothing stronger in the world than gentleness.
Let each man exercise the art he knows.
Prospering just doesn't have to do with money.
As people are walking all the time, in the same spot, a path appears.
Nothing is as seductive as the assurance of success.
The success of any stand-up act comes out of life experience.
For a gallant spirit there can never be defeat.
When deeds speak, words are nothing.
I pray God may preserve your health and life many years.
God loves to help him who strives to help himself.
Obedience is the mother of success and is wedded to safety.
A somebody was once a nobody who wanted to and did.
Success is a consequence and must not be a goal.
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward.
Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal.
Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble.
What we think, we become.
Wonder rather than doubt is the root of all knowledge.
Who seeks shall find.
Four things for success: work and pray, think and believe.
I've had great success being a total idiot.
Success - it's what you do with what you've got.
The authentic self is the soul made visible.
It takes 20 years to make an overnight success.
From a small seed a mighty trunk may grow.
Either I will find a way, or I will make one.
Tears of joy are like the summer rain drops pierced by sunbeams.
Success is survival.
Deserve your dream.
The road to success is always under construction.
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th.
Victory has a thousand fathers, but defeat is an orphan.
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.
Success listens only to applause. To all else it is deaf.
Tears are often the telescope by which men see far into heaven.
With self-discipline most anything is possible.
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
It always seems impossible until it's done.
Reach for the stars.
Light tomorrow with today!
Success demands singleness of purpose.
Success is the maximum utilization of the ability that you have.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.
I celebrate myself, and sing myself.
I am not afraid... I was born to do this.
The more we do, the more we can do.
If you have no critics you'll likely have no success.
You can never quit. Winners never quit, and quitters never win.
Great hopes make great men.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
Only the educated are free.
Nothing makes one feel so strong as a call for help.
There is no success without hardship.
The real secret of success is enthusiasm.
The secret of your success is determined by your daily agenda.
It's the price of success: people start to think you're omnipotent.
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.
Success is following the pattern of life one enjoys most.
Quality is not an act, it is a habit.
Lord, grant that I may always desire more than I can accomplish.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
Act like you expect to get into the end zone.
Real success is finding you lifework in the work that you love.
We aim above the mark to hit the mark.
Silence is the last thing the world will ever hear from me.
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.
Failure is success if we learn from it.
Every man's life is a fairy tale written by God's fingers.
Success has a simple formula: do your best, and people may like it.
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
When it comes to success, there are no shortcuts.
There is no substitute for victory.
Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well.
A will finds a way.
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
There's a lot of blood, sweat, and guts between dreams and success.
If you've got a talent, protect it.
The people who influence you are the people who believe in you.
Carry on any enterprise as if all future success depended on it.
Too low they build, who build beneath the stars.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Most of us have far more courage than we ever dreamed we possessed.
The most effective way to do it, is to do it.
Many are called but few get up.
Your heart is full of fertile seeds, waiting to sprout.
There's a way to do it better - find it.
I can, therefore I am.
And when I breathed, my breath was lightning.
Give light and people will find the way.
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit.
Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks, and courage.
Success is not in never failing, but rising everytime you fall!
After a storm comes a calm.
Failure is not an option. Everyone has to succeed.
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
The secret of my success is my hairspray.
People fall forward to success.
Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing.
The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is liking what you get.
When one must, one can.
Every charitable act is a stepping stone toward heaven.
The success of a production depends on the attention paid to detail.
To follow, without halt, one aim: that's the secret of success.
Greatness is so often a courteous synonym for great success.
I have had all of the disadvantages required for success.
You will never win if you never begin.
People are the key to success or extraordinary success.
There's no abiding success without commitment.
Don't fight the problem, decide it.
True happiness involves the full use of one's power and talents.
Seventy percent of success in life is showing up.
The ideal life is in our blood and never will be still.
An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one.
If you don't ask, you don't get.
What makes the desert beautiful is that somewhere it hides a well.
Hope is but the dream of those who wake.
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
The way a team plays as a whole determines its success.
Happiness is the natural flower of duty.
I wanted to do something inspirational for my children.
My success is not due to any personal superiority over other people.
Success is dependent on effort.
Courage, my friends; 'tis not too late to build a better world.
Don't be afraid of failure; be afraid of petty success.
Success consists of getting up just one more time than you fall.
The one thing that I know is that you win with good people.
The secret of my success is a two word answer: Know people.
It is by acts and not by ideas that people live.
Without craftsmanship, inspiration is a mere reed shaken in the wind.
He conquers who endures.
Motivation will almost always beat mere talent.
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.
Not on one strand are all life's jewels strung.
In order to attain the impossible, one must attempt the absurd.
Self-belief and hard work will always earn you success.
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him.
The success and the failure are not my concern, but His.
We convince by our presence.
Always desire to learn something useful.
The dog that trots about finds a bone.
Noble deeds that are concealed are most esteemed.
A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil.
To get down to the quick of it, respect motivates me - not success.
Be faithful to that which exists within yourself.
You just can't beat the person who never gives up.
Nothing succeeds like success.
I want to make this world perfect.
Pursue one great decisive aim with force and determination.
As knowledge increases, wonder deepens.
Success isn't everything but it makes a man stand straight.
A #2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere.
You have to make it happen.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
What is called genius is the abundance of life and health.
Knock the 't' off the 'can't'
Thought is the wind, knowledge the sail, and mankind the vessel.
Begin to be now what you will be hereafter.
Success consecrates the most offensive crimes.
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast.
Do not weep; do not wax indignant. Understand.
The undertaking of a new action brings new strength.
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
Wherever you are - be all there.
I attribute my success to this - I never gave or took any excuse.
Go big or go home. Because it's true. What do you have to lose?
The more things you do, the more you can do.
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.
Never retreat. Never explain. Get it done and let them howl.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
A minute's success pays the failure of years.
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.
That's the key to success, isn't it? It has to be fun.
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star.
Success is counted sweetest by those who never succeed.
Success is dependent upon the glands - sweat glands.
Success is the one unpardonable sin against our fellows.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
Academic success depends on research and publications.
Success is a science; if you have the conditions, you get the result.
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.
Work will win when wishy washy wishing won t.
Never complain and never explain.
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
It is not ignorance but knowledge which is the mother of wonder.
One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals.
Men must live and create. Live to the point of tears.
Follow your inner moonlight; don't hide the madness.
The things that we love tell us what we are.
I come to win.
True success, true happiness lies in freedom and fulfillment.
Success is usually the culmination of controlling failure.
Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure.
Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting.
Desire is the most important factor in the success of any athlete.
From my tribe I take nothing, I am the maker of my own fortune.
From its brilliancy everything is illuminated.
Things that look like an 'overnight success' typically are not.
You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing.
Out of difficulties grow miracles.
I love those who yearn for the impossible.
I'm a bit of a P. T. Barnum. I make stars out of everyone.
Sport is something that is very inspirational for young people.
Fortune befriends the bold.
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
Success didn't spoil me, I've always been insufferable.
You never know what motivates you.
Success and failure are both part of life. Both are not permanent.
The only journey is the one within.
I believe in living today. Not in yesterday, nor in tomorrow.
The power of imagination makes us infinite.
Either move or be moved.
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece.
Diligence is the mother of good fortune.
It is always the simple that produces the marvelous.
We have it in our power to begin the world over again.
Be thine own palace, or the world's thy jail.
Fame or perceived success - it all comes from groupthink.
Do whatever you do intensely.
Don't give up. Don't lose hope. Don't sell out.
You change your life by changing your heart.
Success is the sum of small efforts - repeated day in and day out.
Obedience brings success; exact obedience brings miracles.
Before anything else, preparation is the key to success.
Success to me is being a good person, treating people well.
One may miss the mark by aiming too high as too low.
A champion is someone who gets up when he can't.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
Space is an inspirational concept that allows you to dream big.
Hitch your wagon to a star.
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree.
Whatever ought to be, can be.
The measure of success is happiness and peace of mind.
A person with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Success breeds success.
We are here to make another world.
In the United States, I am a great success, but I am not a celebrity.
What we need is more people who specialize in the impossible.
Our ideals are our better selves.
Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace.
Enthusiasm moves the world.
When you win, nothing hurts.
I view art as an inspirational tool.
A place for everything, everything in its place.
Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you.
Be gentle to all and stern with yourself.
I dwell in possibility.
How glorious a greeting the sun gives the mountains!
Success is falling nine times and getting up ten.
I know not age, nor weariness nor defeat.
To begin, begin.
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.
Countless as the sands of the sea are human passions.
Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability.
Survival was my only hope, success my only revenge.
Only stupid people are changed by success.
Hopefully I'll continue to have the success I've had.
Books are challenging and inspirational to me.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
You create your opportunities by asking for them.
The victor belongs to the spoils.
How easy to be amiable in the midst of happiness and success.
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around.
Mankind is made great or little by its own will.
I don't dwell on success. Maybe that's one reason I'm successful.
I am stable when my private life is a success.
Success for me its to raise happy, healthy human beings.
Nothing recedes like success.
I was motivated to be different in part because I was different.
Shoot for the moon and if you miss you will still be among the stars.
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.
I've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success.
How do you know you're going to do something, untill you do it?
All men's gains are the fruit of venturing.
Before everything else, getting ready is the secret of success.
You must do the things you think you cannot do.
Every skill you acquire doubles your odds of success.
It's inspirational to see someone who is dying smile.
I'm not an inspirational quote kind of person.
I have amazing friends who have led inspirational lives.
My powers are ordinary. Only my application brings me success.
Success is little more than a chemical compound of man with moment.
To be prepared is half the victory.
My mind's my kingdom.
Nothing is worth more than this day.
It's the steady, quiet, plodding ones who win in the lifelong race.
Every exit is an entry somewhere else.
A goal is a dream with a deadline.
George loves the T Rex because it's the noisiest and the scariest.
Success is achieved and maintained by those who try and keep trying.
The truth is on the march and nothing will stop it.
Whatever success I've had, I always like to top it.
Success comes in waves.
The handicap of deafness is not in the ear; it is in the mind.
If you want to increase your success rate, double your failure rate.
Give light, and the darkness will disappear of itself.
Know or listen to those who know.
Grace is the beauty of form under the influence of freedom.
Each day provides its own gifts.
A champion is afraid of losing. Everyone else is afraid of winning.
I am deliberate and afraid of nothing.
The bird is powered by its own life and by its motivation.
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.
Never give in and never give up.
Integrity is so perishable in the summer months of success.
Ideas shape the course of history.
The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money.
Poverty was the greatest motivating factor in my life.
I have more love, success, and security than I could ever dream of.
Success is the sum of details.
Things do not happen. Things are made to happen.
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.
Thinking: the talking of the soul with itself.
Focus on being balanced - success is balance.
Failure is the key to success; each mistake teaches us something.
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.
It's both rebellion and conformity that attack you with success.
They succeed, because they think they can.
Successful people breed success.
One man cannot practice many arts with success.
You do not pay the price of success, you enjoy the price of success.
It's not enough that I should succeed - others should fail.
Failures to heroic minds are the stepping stones to success.
Watches are the only jewelry men can wear, unless you're Mr. T.
I'm better than P. T. Barnum and Colonel Parker put together.
What is success? It is a toy balloon among children armed with pins.
Failure is a part of success.
My success isn't a result of arrogance - it's a result of belief.
The secret of our success is that we never, never give up.
Don't think, just do.
In hindsight, I slid into arrogance based upon past success.
To design the future effectively, you must first let go of your past.
Success is the sweetest revenge.
Formula for success: rise early, work hard, strike oil.
The best way out is always through.
Personal satisfaction is the most important ingredient of success.
What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.
The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents.
Success is where preparation and opportunity meet.
To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders.
There is little success where there is little laughter.
Money won't create success, the freedom to make it will.
There is nothing impossible to him who will try.
Success is only meaningful and enjoyable if it feels like your own.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go.
Success is steady progress toward one's personal goals.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
To be ready to fail is to be prepared for success.
They can conquer who believe they can.
Success is simple. Do what's right, the right way, at the right time.
Nobody travels on the road to success without a puncture or two.
Winning isn't everything, but it beats anything in second place.
Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds.
Belief creates the actual fact.
If you're going through hell, keep going.
We fall forward to succeed.
Why be a man when you can be a success?
Nothing succeeds like the appearance of success.
Much effort, much prosperity.
The real success in golf lies in turning three shots into two.
Of all things visible, the highest is the heaven of the fixed stars.
Reach for it. Push yourself as far as you can.
If the world seems cold to you, kindle fires to warm it.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
Faith is love taking the form of aspiration.
Applause waits on success.
I am not a has-been. I am a will be.
To be a good loser is to learn how to win.
Step by step and the thing is done.
How does one measure the success of a museum?
Success is 99 percent failure.
Every story I create, creates me. I write to create myself.
Success is a great deodorant.
Success and failure are equally disastrous.
Success - keeping your mind awake and your desire asleep.
True success is overcoming the fear of being unsuccessful.
Money does not guarantee success.
The secret of success is sincerity.
The breaking of a wave cannot explain the whole sea.
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.
Nobody knows what you feel inside unless you tell them.
Do it or don’t do it — you will regret both.
New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings.
You are not free until you have no need to impress anybody.
The truth is rarely pure and never simple.
We are all broken, that’s how the light gets in.
Having a soft heart in a cruel world is courage, not weakness.
Don’t allow your wounds to turn you into a person you are not.
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you’re the pilot.
A work well begun is half-ended.
Ideas are a dime a dozen. People who implement them are priceless.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. 
The dream is free. The hustle is sold separately.
You can’t use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have.
Never let go of that fiery sadness called desire.
What would you do if you weren’t afraid?
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.
A guitar is like an old friend that is there with me.
I am hitting my head against the walls, but the walls are giving way.
Imagination creates reality.
Music is my religion.
There is nothing permanent except change.
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.
Go hard or go home
Blood, Sweat and Respect. First Two You Give, Last One You Earn
Stay hungry, stay foolish
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much.
The most important investment you can make is in yourself.
He who conquers others is strong, he who conquers himself is mighty.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
The true delight is in the finding out rather than in the knowing.
You never lose a dream. It just incubates as a hobby.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
Life is tough but so are you.
Everyday may not be good but there is something good in everyday.
Be the reason someone smiles today.
Comfort is the enemy of achievement.
Luck is where opportunity meets preparation.
Courage is knowing what not to fear.
The measure of a man is what he does with power.
The beginning is the most important part of the work.
Today is not the day I die.
I don't stop when I am tired, I stop when I am done.
Rhetoric is the art of ruling the minds of men.
Philosophy is the highest music.
You have to be odd to be number one.
Life happens wherever you are, whether you make it or not.
Push yourself because no one else is going to do it for you.
Your goals don't care how you feel.
Sweat is fat crying.
Be better than you were yesterday.
Rome wasn't built in a day.
Acting like you dont care is not letting it go
If a writer falls in love with you, you can never die.
Dont lose a woman that has seen your flaws and still loves you.
All suffering originates from craving, from attachment, from desire.
You dont have to explain your dreams, they belong to you.
Sometimes not telling people anything is a good thing.
The more you love, the more you suffer.
We all romanticize the people we adore.
The cure for anything is salt water. Sweat, tears or the ocean.
Eventually soul mates meet, for they have the same hiding place.
Do the scary thing first, and get scared later.
You are not weak just because your heart feels so heavy.
The way to get started is to quit talking ans begin doing.
Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.
Champions extend their limits and make things happen.
Anyone can exist. Most fools do. It takes guts to truly Live.
Pour on, I will endure.
Sacred joy exists in any suffering.
You cannot move things by not moving.
If you want to be successful, put yourself in a discomfort zone.
Wishes don't bring riches; work make things work.
If you know your goal and work for it you will reach the peak.
Believe you can and you're half way there.
It's hard to beat a person who never gives up.
For every two minutes of glamour, there are eight hours of hard work.
