As long as you think your past is bad you must be improving
It's okay to have a bad day
We must all suffer from one of two pains: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The difference is discipline weighs ounces while regret weighs tons.
A ship in the harbor is safe. But that's not what ships are for.
You have survived every single bad day so far
Please pay attention very carefully, because this is the truest thing a stranger will ever say to you: In the face of such hopelessness as our eventual, unavoidable death, there is little sense in not at least TRYING to accomplish all your wildest dreams in life.
At the age of 18, I made up my mind to never have another bad day in my life. I dove into a endless sea of gratitude from which I've never emerged.
When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.
Look in the MIRROR... That's your COMPETITION.
BE STRONG You never know who you are inspiring
The greatest success stories were created by people who recognized a problem & turned it into an opportunity.
I never wake up today with yesterday's problems.
If you're going through hell, KEEP GOING.
Fear stops people from accomplishing their goals.
The boundary between what can be and your life, is your ideas
Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the things they do, cause hate in your heart will consume you too.
There are three rules. 1. If you do not go after what you want, you will never have it. 2. If you do not ask, the answer will always be no. 3. If you do not step forward, you will remain in the same place.
If people are not laughing at your goals, your goals are too small
There are many wonderful things that will never be done if you do not do them.
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world.
It's never too late to be whoever you want to be. I hope you live a life you're proud of, And if you find that you're not, I hope you have the strength to start over.
Just because you took longer than others, doesn’t mean you failed.
If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint', then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced.
Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth
One of the hardest decision you'll ever face in life is choosing whether to walk away or try harder.
Don't worry if people don't like you. Most people are struggling to like themselves.
Note to self: Keep going. You’re doing great. You might not be where you want to be yet, but that’s okay. Just take it one step at a time and keep believing in yourself. And remember: No matter what happens, you can still enjoy your life and be happy.
People have a way of becoming what you encourage them to be, not what you nag them to be.
I am only one, but I am one. I cannot do everything, but I can do something. And I will not let what I cannot do interfere with what I can do.
Don’t wait for your feelings to change to take the action. Take the action and your feelings will change.
Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing flawlessly.
Begin doing what you want to do now. We are not living in eternity. We have only this moment, sparkling like a star in our hand-and melting like a snowflake.
Always concentrate on how far you’ve come, rather than how far you have left to go.
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save.
It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
Don’t be afraid to go out on a limb. That’s where the fruit is.
To have striven, to have made the effort, to have been true to certain ideals–this alone is worth the struggle.
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
What matters is the value we’ve created in our lives, the people we’ve made happy and how much we’ve grown as people.
A diamond is just a piece of charcoal that handled stress exceptionally well.
Think like a man of action; act like a man of thought.
If you get up one more time than you fall, you will make it through
He is able who thinks he is able.
No matter how hard the past, you can always begin again.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.
Excellence can be obtained if you care more than others think is wise, risk more than others think is safe, dream more than others think is practical, expect more than others think is possible.
Don’t fear failure so much that you refuse to try new things. The saddest summary of life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have.
From small beginnings come great things.
Don’t be pushed by your problems; be led by your dreams.
More powerful than the will to win is the courage to begin.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Fear is a natural reaction to moving closer to the truth.
Commitment in the face of conflict produces character.
Don’t let today’s disappointments cast a shadow on tomorrow’s dreams.
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer
Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower
Don’t give up just because things get hard. Give up if you feel in your gut that moving on is the right choice for you.
Life isn’t always fair. Some people are born into better environments. Some people have better genetics. Some are in the right place at the right time. If you’re trying to change your life, all of this is irrelevant. All that matters is that you accept where you are, figure out where you want to be, and then do what you can, today and every day, to hold your head high and keep moving forward.
I survived because the fire inside me burned brighter than the fire around me.
Don’t let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it.
The strongest people aren’t always the people who win, but the people who don’t give up when they lose.
At any given moment, you have the power to say: This is not how the story is going to end.
Life’s blows cannot break a person whose spirit is warmed by the fire of enthusiasm.
When you believe something can be done, really believe, your mind will find ways to do it.
Your belief determines your action and your action determines your results, but first you have to believe.
A man’s errors are his portals of discovery.
Wisdom is knowing what to do next, skill is knowing how to do it, and virtue is doing it.
Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn’t have the power to say yes.
Turn your face toward the sun and the shadows will fall behind you.
Doing your best means never stop trying.
A hard fall means a high bounce…if you’re made of the right material.
People who urge you to be realistic generally want you to accept their version of reality.
If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking.
Life’s challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they’re supposed to help you discover who you are.
I cannot make my days longer so I strive to make them better.
We all have problems. The way we solve them is what makes us different.
Whenever you fall, pick something up. 
Care and diligence bring luck.
A bend in the road is not the end of the road…unless you fail to make the turn.
Stop being afraid of what could go wrong, and start being excited about what could go right.
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
You can do what’s reasonable or you can decide what’s possible.
If you lose today, win tomorrow. In this never-ending spirit of challenge is the heart of a victor.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first
We keep moving forward, opening new doors, and doing new things, because we're curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths
Nothing exterior to me will ever take command of me.
Nothing is impossible to him who will try.
If there are no struggles, there is no progress.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary.
Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life--think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.
Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them.
If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got.
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly.
Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy.
Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them.
Opportunities don't happen, you create them.
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents--start charging for it.
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it.
You learn more from failure than from success. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character.
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.
Don't raise your voice, improve your argument.
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.
I believe that the only courage anybody ever needs is the courage to follow your own dreams.
No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist.
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable.
Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent.
Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it.
Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem.
You can do anything, but not everything.
It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up.
There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed.
Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.
The starting point of all achievement is desire.
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out.
If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work.
All progress takes place outside the comfort zone.
You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear--not absence of fear.
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing--that's why we recommend it daily.
We become what we think about most of the time, and that's the strangest secret.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.
I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others.
A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them.
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.
People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy.
When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.
There is no traffic jam along the extra mile.
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it--teach yourself to be impatient.
Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.
If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you!
You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something--your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.
Two roads diverged in a wood and I  took the one less traveled by, and that made all the difference.
The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors.
The reason most people never reach their goals is that they don't define them, or ever seriously consider them as believable or achievable. Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them.
In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it.
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well.
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul.
Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction.
A goal is not always meant to be reached; it often serves simply as something to aim at.
Success is ... knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all.
You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals.
Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable.
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.
What would you do if you weren't afraid.
Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above it.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.
A man can be as great as he wants to be. If you believe in yourself and have the courage, the determination, the dedication, the competitive drive and if you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and pay the price for the things that are worthwhile, it can be done.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
Life isn’t about getting and having, it’s about giving and being.
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference.
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse.
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.
I’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity.
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement.
We must balance conspicuous consumption with conscious capitalism.
Life is what happens to you while you’re busy making other plans.
We become what we think about.
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
An unexamined life is not worth living.
Eighty percent of success is showing up.
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.
There is no easy way from the earth to the stars
It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable.
What man actually needs is not a tensionless state but rather the striving and struggling for some goal worthy of him.
If you find something very difficult to achieve yourself, don't imagine it impossible-for anything possible and proper for another person can be achieved as easily by you.
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
To be like the rock that the waves keep crashing over. It stands unmoved and the raging of the sea falls still around it.
Many are harmed by fear itself, and many may have come to their fate while dreading fate
If it’s endurable, then endure it. Stop complaining.
To bear trials with a calm mind robs misfortune of its strength and burden.
If you would be a good reader, read; if a writer, write.
...but if a thing is humanly possible, consider it to be within your reach.
How long are you going to wait before you demand the best for yourself
Fire tries gold, misfortune tries brave men.
True good fortune is what you make for yourself. Good fortune: good character, good intentions, good actions.
The impediment to action advances action. What stands in the way becomes the way.
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that they are difficult.
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.
It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness.
Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.
Choose not to be harmed—and you won’t feel harmed. Don’t feel harmed—and you haven’t been.
No man is more unhappy than he who never faces adversity. For he is not permitted to prove himself
It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.
No great thing is created suddenly.
There is no shame in making an honest effort.
The Way Get Started Is To Quit Talking And Begin Doing.
The Pessimist Sees Difficulty In Every Opportunity. The Optimist Sees Opportunity In Every Difficulty.
Don’t Let Yesterday Take Up Too Much Of Today.
If You Are Working On Something That You Really Care About, You Don’t Have To Be Pushed. The Vision Pulls You.
People Who Are Crazy Enough To Think They Can Change The World, Are The Ones Who Do.
We May Encounter Many Defeats But We Must Not Be Defeated.
Knowing Is Not Enough; We Must Apply. Wishing Is Not Enough; We Must Do.
Imagine Your Life Is Perfect In Every Respect; What Would It Look Like?
We Generate Fears While We Sit. We Overcome Them By Action.
Whether You Think You Can Or Think You Can’t, You’re Right.
Security Is Mostly A Superstition. Life Is Either A Daring Adventure Or Nothing.
The Man Who Has Confidence In Himself Gains The Confidence Of Others.
The Only Limit To Our Realization Of Tomorrow Will Be Our Doubts Of Today.
Creativity Is Intelligence Having Fun.
What You Lack In Talent Can Be Made Up With Desire, Hustle And Giving 110% All The Time.
Do What You Can With All You Have, Wherever You Are.
You Are Never Too Old To Set Another Goal Or To Dream A New Dream.
To See What Is Right And Not Do It Is A Lack Of Courage.
If you’re going through hell keep going.
Ten people who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent.
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
Believe that you can do it cause you can do it.
Take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly, and try another. But by all means, try something.
The secret to doing anything is believing that you can do it. Anything that you believe you can do strong enough, you can do. Anything. As long as you believe.
It always seems impossible until it is done.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
Never, never, never give up.
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
I believe every human has a finite number of heartbeats. I don't intend to waste any of mine.
Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men.
One today is worth two tomorrows.
We rise by lifting others.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, “I’m possible!”
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.
The very best thing you can do for the whole world is to make the most of yourself.
... because all things have contributed to your advancement, you should include all things in your gratitude.
Thoughts become things. If you see it in your mind, you will hold it in your hand.
Be like a postage stamp. Stick to it until you get there
Set a goal to achieve something that is so big, so exhilarating that it excites you and scares you at the same time.
Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools.
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.
Look at the sky. We are not alone. The whole universe is friendly to us and conspires only to give the best to those who dream and work.
In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing, the next best thing is the wrong thing, and the worst thing you can do is nothing.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
At his best, man is the noblest of all animals; separated from law and justice he is the worst.
In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher.
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
Education is the best provision for old age.
The best road to progress is freedom's road.
Life is about making an impact, not making an income.
Every child is an artist.  The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Either you run the day, or the day runs you.
The best revenge is massive success.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don’t matter and those who matter don’t mind.
Do your own thing on your own terms and get what you came here for.
The difficult is what takes a little time; the impossible is what takes a little longer.
Braving obstacles and hardships is nobler than retreat to tranquility.
Cultivation of mind should be the ultimate aim of human existence.
You have brains in your head and feet in your shoes, you can steer yourself in any direction you choose.
The mind that tries to shape tomorrow beyond its capacities will find no rest.
One day you will wake up and there won't be any more time to do the things you've always wanted. Do it now
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.
Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. 
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
The secret to happiness is freedom. And the secret to freedom is courage. 
The struggle ends when the gratitude begins.
Obsessed is a word that the lazy use to describe the dedicated. 
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. 
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change.
I never knew a man come to greatness or eminence who lay abed late in the morning. 
No matter how you feel, Get up, dress up, show up and never give up.
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to be yourself. 
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.
You're going to go through tough times - that's life. But I say, 'Nothing happens to you, it happens for you.' See the positive in negative events. 
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose.
I demolish my bridges behind me...then there is no choice but to move forward.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Even if you fall on your face you’re still moving forward.
Well done is better than well said.
It’s always too early to quit.
Leap, and the net will appear.
One finds limits by pushing them.
The wise does at once what the fool does at last.
Do not watch the clock. Do what it does. Keep going.
I’ve failed over and over and over again. And that is why I succeed.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
I’d rather attempt to do something great and fail, than to attempt nothing and succeed.
Your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
There is always room at the top.
You can’t build a reputation on what you are going to do.
Success is going from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned.
When you stop chasing the wrong things you give the right things a chance to catch you.
You just can’t beat the person who never gives up.
The more we do the more we can do.
Fortune sides with him who dares.
The secret to success is to know something nobody else knows.
Don't be distracted by criticism. Remember--the only taste of success some people get is to take a bite out of you.
Keep on going, and the chances are that you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I never heard of anyone ever stumbling on something sitting down.
If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time.
Without self-discipline, success is impossible, period.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
If you quit ONCE it becomes a habit.Never quit!!!
It is good to dream big but your dreams will never see the light of day if you sleep big too. 
One day you will wake up and there won't be any more time to do the things you've always wanted. Do it now 
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success. 
You're going to go through tough times - that's life. But I say, 'Nothing happens to you, it happens for you.' See the positive in negative events.
To be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others.
It always seems impossible until it's done. 
Do more of what makes you happy. 
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
You can't climb the ladder of success with your hands in your pockets.
It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose. That is not a weakness; that is life. 
Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.
Wake up early and tackle the day before it tackles you. Be on offense, not defense.
You can have anything you want if you are willing to give up the belief that you can't have it.
Successful people are not gifted; they just work hard, then succeed on purpose. 
Do it now.Sometimes 'later' becomes 'never'. 
FEarly to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today. 
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Visualize this thing that you want, see it, feel it, believe in it. Make your mental blue print, and begin to build.
Good things happen to those who hustle.
Human beings, by changing the inner attitudes of their minds, can change the outer aspects of their lives.
Life brings simple pleasures to us every day. It is up to us to make them wonderful memories.
Don't let your sorrow come higher than your knees.
Begin somewhere; you cannot build a reputation on what you intend to do.
Learn all you can from the mistakes of others. You won't have time to make them all yourself.
A winner makes commitments. A loser makes promises.
Hope sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible.
It's good to do uncomfortable things. It's weight training for life.
A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success.
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart.
The past does not equal the future.
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination.
If you put off everything till you're sure of it, you'll never get anything done.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
Change your life today. Don’t gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Why should you continue going after your dreams? Because seeing the look on the faces of the people who said you couldn’t will be priceless.
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
Cautious, careful people, always casting about to preserve their reputations can never effect a reform.
When the whole world is silent, even one voice becomes powerful.
Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement.
Knowing what must be done does away with fear.
Creativity takes courage.
Every artist was first an amateur.
We don't make mistakes, just happy little accidents.
I am seeking, I am striving, I am in it with all my heart.
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
The main thing is to be moved, to love, to hope, to tremble, to live.
To be an artist is to believe in life.
Whether you succeed or not is irrelevant, there is no such thing.  Making your unknown known is the important thing.
What moves men of genius, or rather what inspires their work, is not new ideas, but their obsession with the idea that what has already been said is still not enough.
If I create from the heart, nearly everything works; if from the head, almost nothing.
Don’t think about making art, just get it done.  Let everyone else decide if it’s good or bad, whether they love it or hate it.  While they are deciding, make even more art.
If people knew how hard I worked to get my mastery, it wouldn't seem so wonderful at all.
One can have no smaller or greater mastery than mastery of oneself.
To send light into the darkness of men's hearts - such is the duty of the artist.
Great things are done by a series of small things brought together.
Inspiration does exist but it must find you working.
Everything has its beauty, but not everyone sees it.
The world of reality has its limits; the world of imagination is boundless.
Do not fear mistakes - there are none.
I would rather die of passion than of boredom.
An ounce of practice is better than tons of teaching.
The trouble is you think you have time.
The more real you get, the more unreal the world gets.
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it.
Don't give up, Today is hard. Tomorrow will be worse. Day after tomorrow will be sunshine.
If you don't give up, you still have a chance.
The only way to work is to love what you do.
Be stubborn about your goals, and flexible about your methods.
A dream becomes a goal when action is taken toward its achievement.
The goal is not to get rich. The goal is to live rich.
You can’t go back and make a brand new start. But, you can start now and make a brand new ending.
Today, figure out what makes you happy and do more of it. Figure out what doesn't and do less of it.
Dont let someone else’s opinion of you become your reality.
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.
Success does not come to you, you go to it.
Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for ordinary.
If you want to shine like a sun, first burn like a sun.
Failure is an opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
Not how long, but how well you have lived is the main thing.
The energy of the mind is the essence of life.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
In 20 years, you probably won't even remember this.
Never cowardly or cruel. Never give up, never give in.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right, for you'll be criticized anyway.
Plant your garden and decorate your own soul, instead of waiting for someone to bring you flowers.
Nothing in life is to be feared; it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more so that we may fear less.
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
This too, shall pass.
There is only one happiness in life – to love and to be loved.
The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday.
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself.
Life's too mysterious to take too serious.
It's not about how hard you can hit; it's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward.
It's OK to not be OK, as long as you don't stay that way.
May I never be complete. May I never be content. May I never be perfect.
Technology is a useful servant but a dangerous master.
The science of today is the technology of tomorrow
The only constant in the technology industry is change
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
We keep moving forward, opening new doors, and doing new things, because we're curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths.
You can design and create, and build the most wonderful place in the world. But it takes people to make the dream a reality.
When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable.
The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique.
All the adversity I've had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me... You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
Times and conditions change so rapidly that we must keep our aim constantly focused on the future.
I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter.
I do not like to repeat successes, I like to go on to other things.
Our heritage and ideals, our code and standards - the things we live by and teach our children - are preserved or diminished by how freely we exchange ideas and feelings.
A man should never neglect his family for business.
I have been up against tough competition all my life. I wouldn't know how to get along without it.
Of all the things I've done, the most vital is coordinating those who work with me and aiming their efforts at a certain goal.
Crowded classrooms and half-day sessions are a tragic waste of our greatest national resource - the minds of our children.
When you're curious, you find lots of interesting things to do.
Somehow I can’t believe that there are any heights that can’t be scaled by a man who knows the secrets of making dreams come true. This special secret, it seems to me, can be summarized in four C s. They are curiosity, confidence, courage, and constancy.
Leadership means that a group, large or small, is willing to entrust authority to a person who has shown judgment, wisdom, personal appeal, and proven competence.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything
The secret of getting ahead is getting started
It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why
If you don't read the newspaper, you're uniformed. If you read the newspaper, you're mis-informed
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus
Courage is resistance to fear, master of fear, not absence of fear
It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt
Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure
Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the rest
A person who won't read has no advantage over one who can't read
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not
Humor is mankind's greatest blessing
When you fish for love, bait with your heart, not your brain
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been
When in doubt, tell the truth
He understood well enough how a man with a choice between pride and responsibility will almost always choose pride—if responsibility robs him of his manhood.
We do not admire the man of timid peace. We admire the man who embodies victorious effort; the man who never wrongs his neighbor, who is prompt to help a friend, but who has those virile qualities necessary to win in the stern strife of actual life.
It is not what he has, or even what he does which expresses the worth of a man, but what he is.
The way of a superior man is three-fold: virtuous, he is free from anxieties; wise, he is free from perplexities; bold, he is free from fear.
A man should be able to hear, and to bear, the worst that could be said of him.
Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If you’re a man, you take it
To be a man requires that you accept everything life has to give you, beginning with your name
Gardens are not made by singing 'Oh, how beautiful,' and sitting in the shade.
Man needs his difficulties because they are necessary to enjoy success.
Fortune always favors the brave, and never helps a man who does not help himself.
A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is brave five minutes longer.
I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done.
We cannot direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails.
My hope still is to leave the world a bit better than when I got here.
When I started counting my blessings, my whole life turned around.
We are what we believe we are.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
There is nothing so stable as change.
You can't play life like an untuned instrument and then ask why the music is unpleasent.
Reality is wrong. Dreams are for real.
Just know that I was once considered just a dreamer... Then I paid my dues and turned so many doubters to believers...
Don't let nobody tell you that you can't do it. Love what you do until you don't love it anymore. Nothing's impossible.
If you don't build your dream someone will hire you to help build theirs.
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can’t accept not trying.
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far it is possible to go.
Believe in your dreams and dream big. And then after you’ve done that, dream bigger.
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
Success is not built on success. It’s built on failure. It’s built on frustration. Sometimes its built on catastrophe.
Skills are cheap. Passion is priceless.
I think the thing to do is enjoy the ride while you’re on it.
Sometimes you need to push people into the deep for some people will never learn to swim if they've never been taught how it feels to drown
No one should have the power to shatter your dreams unless you give it to them.
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.
Understanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery.
Mistakes are the portals of discovery.
We ought to walk through the rooms of our lives not looking for flaws, but looking for potential.
 If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary. 
Opportunities don’t happen, you create them.
 I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success. 
When you stop chasing the wrong things you give the right things a chance to catch you. 
Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it. 
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing. 
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul. 
Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don’t really matter. 
You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction. 
To be successful you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can’t just accept the ones you like.
A ship in port is safe, but that's not what ships are built for.
 It is often easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission.
You don't manage people; you manage things. You lead people.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
No matter how difficult and painful it may be, nothing sounds as good to the soul as the truth.
Be first and be lonely.
Step out of the history that is holding you back. Step into the new story you are willing to create.
What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make.
A good compromise is one where everybody makes a contribution.
I choose to make the rest of my life the best of my life.
In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different.
It’s one of the greatest gifts you can give yourself, to forgive. Forgive everybody.
If you’re not making some notable mistakes along the way, you’re certainly not taking enough business and career chances.
Normal is not something to aspire to, it’s something to get away from.
Oh captain, my captain.
No matter what anybody tells you, words and ideas can change the world.
Go ahead. Look out the window. Isn't it a beautiful day?
People are crazy and times are strange/ I'm locked in tight, I'm out of range/ I used to care, but things have changed.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
It's a slow process, but quitting won't speed it up.
A river cuts through a rock not because of its power but its persistence.
The man on top of the mountain didn't fall there.
I can and I will. Watch me.
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.
Be so good they can't ignore you.
The expert in anything was once a beginner.
Wake up. Kick ass. Repeat.
Failure is a bruise, not a tattoo.
Worrying is stupid. It's like walking around with an umbrella waiting for it to rain.
A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor.
Go the extra mile -- it's never crowded.
Look in the mirror... That's your competition.
I won't be a rock star. I will be a legend.
Like the United Nations, there is something inspirational about New York as a great melting pot of different cultures and traditions. And if this is the city that never sleeps, the United Nations works tirelessly, around the clock around the world.
Once you have a lot of success, you become a target in many ways.
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand.
Every success in limiting armaments is a sign that the will to achieve mutual understanding exists, and every such success thus supports the fight for international law and order.
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.
Keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.
I'm used to adversity and working really well in difficult situations. It was hard for me to accept the success.
A constant struggle, a ceaseless battle to bring success from inhospitable surroundings, is the price of all great achievements.
The real end winner of NAFTA is going to be Mexico because we have the human capital. We have that resource that is vital to the success of the U.S. economy.
Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction.
A lot of people don't have near the amount of success as I've been blessed to have, and it's all about working hard and hoping that continues.
Success is the most important to many, to me it's just a bonus.
I think that success is having fun.
I believe in pink. I believe that laughing is the best calorie burner. I believe in kissing, kissing a lot. I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles.
It is no use saying, 'We are doing our best.' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
I'm a gay disabled man who has become very successful. I don't get up in the morning and think I'm inspirational; I just get up thinking that I love horses.
Sound character provides the power with which a person may ride the emergencies of life instead of being overwhelmed by them. Failure is... the highway to success.
To know oneself, one should assert oneself.
As kids we're not taught how to deal with success; we're taught how to deal with failure. If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. If at first you succeed, then what?
Everything you need for better future and success has already been written. And guess what? All you have to do is go to the library.
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water.
I never assumed I would have that commercial success, so it was a total surprise. And honestly, I never assumed that it would ever happen again.
You cannot allow your desire to be a winner to be diminished by achieving success before and I believe there is room for improvement in every sportsman.
Failure is only postponed success as long as courage 'coaches' ambition. The habit of persistence is the habit of victory.
I think anyone who has a passion for what they love to do, and who pursue it, is inspirational for me.
Every moment and every event of every man's life on earth plants something in his soul.
To enjoy enduring success we should travel a little in advance of the world.
Success? You can't get a big head about it. When people stare at me, they could be whispering to their friend, 'That guy sucks! Have you seen him before? He's horrible.'
I am so fresh in soul and spirit that life gushes and bubbles around me in a thousand springs.
Enjoy failure and learn from it. You can never learn from success.
I believe there are three keys to success. For me it is keeping my priorities in order: It's my faith and my family, and then the business.
In motivating people, you've got to engage their minds and their hearts. I motivate people, I hope, by example - and perhaps by excitement, by having productive ideas to make others feel involved.
Wal-Mart's success strategies and tactics are easy to understand yet hard to duplicate.
Create each day anew.
You can be discouraged by failure, or you can learn from it. So go ahead and make mistakes, make all you can. Because, remember that's where you'll find success - on the far side of failure.
A lot of America is kind of done. People have been making films about it for 100 years. Everything to me feels used up. But Jo-Burg feels unbelievably inspirational to me.
We make the world we live in and shape our own environment.
Money and success don't change people; they merely amplify what is already there.
To do a common thing uncommonly well brings success.
Your heaviest artillery will be your will to live. Keep that big gun going.
It's not just the 'Grammys' that I've pulled out of. I also pulled out of the English awards as well. The reason that I wanted to pull out was because I believe very much that the music industry as a whole is mainly concerned with material success.
Without an open-minded mind, you can never be a great success.
Today is the only day. Yesterday is gone.
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
Love the moment and the energy of that moment will spread beyond all boundaries.
However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at.
Success breeds success, and failure leads to a sort of fallow period.
One fails forward toward success.
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
In the first six to twelve months of a war with the United States and Great Britain I will run wild and win victory upon victory. But then, if the war continues after that, I have no expectation of success.
Try to be like the turtle - at ease in your own shell.
Every heart that has beat strongly and cheerfully has left a hopeful impulse behind it in the world, and bettered the tradition of mankind.
It's always too early to quit.
Creativity is the key to success in the future, and primary education is where teachers can bring creativity in children at that level.
Better to be called something positive and inspirational than something negative.
It is such a luxury to open a new book that's highly recommended by friends - either an inspirational yet humorously self-deprecating memoir, or a page-turning piece of fiction.
The future of America is not an entitlement. We have been given a treasure chest of gifts and opportunities, but some people are being left behind, and success is not sustainable unless it is shared.
I know why I am here and my only real focused goal is to live each day to the fullest and to try and honor God and be an encouragement to others. What the future holds is firmly in God's hands, and I am very happy about that!
My greatest success story has been my family.
I'm a motivational speaker.
The truth is that relative income is not directly related to happiness. Nonpartisan social-survey data clearly show that the big driver of happiness is earned success: a person's belief that he has created value in his life or the life of others.
Success has always been easy to measure. It is the distance between one's origins and one's final achievement.
Success is the only motivational factor that a boy with character needs.
If there were no night, we would not appreciate the day, nor could we see the stars and the vastness of the heavens. We must partake of the bitter with the sweet. There is a divine purpose in the adversities we encounter every day. They prepare, they purge, they purify, and thus they bless.
Just what future the Designer of the universe has provided for the souls of men I do not know, I cannot prove. But I find that the whole order of Nature confirms my confidence that, if it is not like our noblest hopes and dreams, it will transcend them.
I know of no single formula for success. But over the years I have observed that some attributes of leadership are universal and are often about finding ways of encouraging people to combine their efforts, their talents, their insights, their enthusiasm and their inspiration to work together.
I am very optimistic, and I wish that God almighty grants me success to get a qualifying time. Only then can I go to the Olympics. If this happens I will be the first Palestinian athlete to gain a qualifying time. This will be a big achievement.
There is nothing deep down inside us except what we have put there ourselves.
From success you get a lot of things, but not that great inside thing that love brings you.
I realise that I do not change the course of history. I am an actor, I do a movie, that's the end of it. You have to realise we are just clowns for hire. After I had success it was great, at first, not to worry about money. It was on my mind when I was growing up.
There are a lot of things that go into creating success. I don't like to do just the things I like to do. I like to do things that cause the company to succeed. I don't spend a lot of time doing my favorite activities.
Arriving at one goal is the starting point to another.
There are thousands of inspirational stories waiting to be told about young women who yearn for a great education. They are stories of struggle and stories of success, and they will inspire others to take action and work to change lives.
I take great pride in all the tremendous success we've enjoyed at CBS. And the good news is that I feel even more enthusiastic about what my terrific team and I will accomplish going forward.
The limits of the possible can only be defined by going beyond them into the impossible.
I believe there's an inner power that makes winners or losers. And the winners are the ones who really listen to the truth of their hearts.
Silent pictures show us how we lived and what our attitudes were. And as an art form, they can be wonderfully entertaining and often inspirational.
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows.
Do you wish to rise? Begin by descending. You plan a tower that will pierce the clouds? Lay first the foundation of humility.
Think with your whole body.
People always accuse me of being motivational in a way, like it was a bad thing, but that's just how I was raised. My mom raised me in a positive environment, with lots of love in my heart, and that reflects in my music.
Success is the child of audacity.
I try not to put anything political on the forefront of what I'm trying to do creatively. At the same time, I do think it's wonderful when I hear people say that it's inspirational that I'm an Indian woman on camera. My life is very diverse, and my friends are a diverse group of people.
Actually, I'm an overnight success, but it took twenty years.
Prayer is man's greatest power!
If you think you can do it, you can.
Frustration, although quite painful at times, is a very positive and essential part of success.
Success or failure depends more upon attitude than upon capacity successful men act as though they have accomplished or are enjoying something. Soon it becomes a reality. Act, look, feel successful, conduct yourself accordingly, and you will be amazed at the positive results.
We're constantly striving for success, fame and comfort when all we really need to be happy is someone or some thing to be enthusiastic about.
Feeling anxious or depressed sometimes is part of what it means to be a person, and it might even be essential to success.
Success has always been a great liar.
God always strives together with those who strive.
Hard work and dedication is important to success, and I have those qualities.
One of the key elements of human behavior is, humans have a greater fear of loss than enjoyment of success. All the academic studies will show you that the fear of loss of capital is far greater than the enjoyment of gains.
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure. The way you think about a fact may defeat you before you ever do anything about it. You are overcome by the fact because you think you are.
There's enormous progressive activism and, more often than not, success at the grassroots level - everything from living wage campaigns to efforts to finance our elections are having terrific success.
If you look at the common denominator of all the comics who have had big success, it's being true to their nature... that's what takes a long time to learn.
There is nothing stronger in the world than gentleness.
Let each man exercise the art he knows.
Prospering just doesn't have to do with money.
Success is dangerous. One begins to copy oneself, and to copy oneself is more dangerous than to copy others. It leads to sterility.
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.
There is no scientific answer for success. You can't define it. You've simply got to live it and do it.
As people are walking all the time, in the same spot, a path appears.
I hope that at the end of the seven years, people will say that I have been of some inspirational value to them at home in terms of inclusiveness and abroad, I look forward to representing Ireland.
Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day.
I firmly believe that unless one has tasted the bitter pill of failure, one cannot aspire enough for success.
Success is more dangerous than failure, the ripples break over a wider coastline.
To me, the Seventies were very inspirational and very influential... With my whole persona as Snoop Dogg, as a person, as a rapper. I just love the Seventies style, the way all the players dressed nice, you know, kept their hair looking good, drove sharp cars and they talked real slick.
I think all of us certainly believed the statistics which said that probably 88% chance of mission success and maybe 96% chance of survival. And we were willing to take those odds.
What they have done in Japan, which I find so inspirational, is they've brought the toilet out from behind the locked door. They've made it conversational. People go out and upgrade their toilet. They talk about it. They've sanitized it.
If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is, infinite.
Real success is not on the stage, but off the stage as a human being, and how you get along with your fellow man.
Everyone has inside of him a piece of good news. The good news is that you don't know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is!
Of all the things people have taught me regarding life lessons or anything that would benefit me, I don't think anything helped me learn more about life than football. You go through so many different things: adversity, how to handle adversity, how to handle success, how to lead, how to be a teammate, how to communicate.
I think, aesthetically, car design is so interesting - the dashboards, the steering wheels, and the beauty of the mechanics. I don't know how any of it works, I don't want to know, but it's inspirational.
The first question which the priest and the Levite asked was: 'If I stop to help this man, what will happen to me?' But... the good Samaritan reversed the question: 'If I do not stop to help this man, what will happen to him?'
Nothing is as seductive as the assurance of success.
A great social success is a pretty girl who plays her cards as carefully as if she were plain.
The success of any stand-up act comes out of life experience.
For a gallant spirit there can never be defeat.
When deeds speak, words are nothing.
Success depends almost entirely on how effectively you learn to manage the game's two ultimate adversaries: the course and yourself.
At the end of the day, the one commonality that both Hindi cinema and Hollywood share is that they are full of talented and inspirational people. Outside of this, there are many differences, from the scheduling and rehearsal to promotion and directing techniques.
I pray God may preserve your health and life many years.
Be brave enough to live life creatively. The creative place where no one else has ever been.
An artist must never be a prisoner. Prisoner? An artist should never be a prisoner of himself, prisoner of style, prisoner of reputation, prisoner of success, etc.
People say we were an overnight success. It took us a year to be an overnight success.
I have no time for those who say there is no way Scotland could go it alone. I know first-hand the contribution Scotland and Scots make to Britain's success - so for me there's no question about whether Scotland could be an independent nation.
While formal schooling is an important advantage, it is not a guarantee of success nor is its absence a fatal handicap.
The books that help you most are those which make you think that most. The hardest way of learning is that of easy reading; but a great book that comes from a great thinker is a ship of thought, deep freighted with truth and beauty.
What drew me towards team sport were the camaraderie and friendship. The chance to celebrate victory and success with a group of other people is something I have enjoyed doing.
God loves to help him who strives to help himself.
Steroids do not guarantee you're going to have success. I think a lot of people think that they will, but they don't.
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
Telecom is a dramatic success in India and our view is, respecting the political process, and respecting the fact that these are sovereign decisions, is that, approaching India as a friend.
Success is a journey, not a destination. The doing is often more important than the outcome.
Obedience is the mother of success and is wedded to safety.
I've always believed that one woman's success can only help another woman's success.
A somebody was once a nobody who wanted to and did.
Before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader, success is all about growing others.
Success is a consequence and must not be a goal.
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward.
Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal.
Your chances of success in any undertaking can always be measured by your belief in yourself.
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
I started doing motivational tours. I've seen all kinds of people, from the CEOs to the lowest executive, opening up to their fears. We don't introspect as much as we should.
Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble.
Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack.
The superior man makes the difficulty to be overcome his first interest; success only comes later.
What we think, we become.
The fact that I can plant a seed and it becomes a flower, share a bit of knowledge and it becomes another's, smile at someone and receive a smile in return, are to me continual spiritual exercises.
If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded.
I believe success is preparation, because opportunity is going to knock on your door sooner or later but are you prepared to answer that?
Whosoever desires constant success must change his conduct with the times.
One day, I got so disgusted that I sat down and wrote a list called 'Justin's list of things to do before he kicks the bucket.' I wrote it for myself and shortened it to 'Justin's Bucket List.' It was there on the wall, not as a story idea but as a motivational tool for myself, which actually ended up working pretty well.
Wonder rather than doubt is the root of all knowledge.
Who seeks shall find.
Most people give up just when they're about to achieve success. They quit on the one yard line. They give up at the last minute of the game one foot from a winning touchdown.
After a lifetime of working, raising families, and contributing to the success of this nation in countless other ways, senior citizens deserve to retire with dignity.
Four things for success: work and pray, think and believe.
I've had great success being a total idiot.
Success - it's what you do with what you've got.
I don't know what keeps me going. Sometimes I wonder... I think it's just pure perseverance and wanting to succeed and having that burning desire to always have success.
The authentic self is the soul made visible.
Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange for it. Establish your priorities and go to work.
'Get along, go along' is not an inspirational philosophy, and only God knows how much moral cowardice it has covered up over the years. Serve your time, collect your chits, and cash 'em in for your home state? No, I'd say we could ask for more than that from our senators.
This CD became something of a personal journey for me. The tone of the whole CD is uplifting and inspirational. It's an upper. We have enough downers in the world.
The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
It takes 20 years to make an overnight success.
I think you can have 10,000 explanations for failure, but no good explanation for success.
From a small seed a mighty trunk may grow.
By providing clear objectives for your team, and setting guardrails for how they get there, you will set them on the path to success.
Either I will find a way, or I will make one.
Tears of joy are like the summer rain drops pierced by sunbeams.
Success is survival.
I know that when I like music, when it touches my heart, that it will touch your heart, too. That, I think, is the secret to my success.
Deserve your dream.
Success breeds complacency. Complacency breeds failure. Only the paranoid survive.
Commercial success still hasn't come to an artist that isn't signed to a record label. There are very few artists that can succeed without the help of a record label. The role of the record label is still required, it's still necessary.
Other people's success spurs me on to do well and gives me motivation.
A passionate belief in your business and personal objectives can make all the difference between success and failure. If you aren't proud of what you're doing, why should anybody else be?
Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious.
Anyone who has to fight, even with the most modern weapons, against an enemy in complete command of the air, fights like a savage against modern European troops, under the same handicaps and with the same chances of success.
Success isn't about the end result, it's about what you learn along the way.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
People are beginning to see that the first requisite to success in life is to be a good animal.
Whatever obstacle comes your way, you gotta be prepared to jump over it! And I think that's what separates the legends from the regular artists. It's all in how you manage that success, and how you deal with the controversy when it actually comes.
I have gone from being a 21-year-old with wide eyes to a 24-year-old woman. With success comes a lot of responsibility and power.
There's more to life than success, and if you can try to be more well-rounded, you'll be able to enjoy your success more. It won't own you or control you.
The road to success is always under construction.
My success was due to good luck, hard work, and support and advice from friends and mentors. But most importantly, it depended on me to keep trying after I had failed.
The manic pursuit of success cost me everything I could love: my wife, my three children, some friends I would have liked to grow old with.
Some people dream of success, while other people get up every morning and make it happen.
Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong.
No one succeeds without effort... Those who succeed owe their success to perseverance.
You always draw inspiration from your family or your parents if they've proven to be inspirational. My mother is someone who's always been inspirational to me.
I've always thought of acting as more of an exercise in empathy, which is not to be confused with sympathy. You're trying to get inside a certain emotional reality or motivational reality and try to figure out what that's about so you can represent it.
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th.
A desire to be in charge of our own lives, a need for control, is born in each of us. It is essential to our mental health, and our success, that we take control.
I want to make sure I don't interfere with the success of that team next year. I don't see any way I could go to practice like most of 'em do, and not hurt the team. I'd go nuts if I tried doing that.
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.
Victory has a thousand fathers, but defeat is an orphan.
Positive thinking is the key to success in business, education, pro football, anything that you can mention. I go out there thinking that I'm going to complete every pass.
Every soldier must know, before he goes into battle, how the little battle he is to fight fits into the larger picture, and how the success of his fighting will influence the battle as a whole.
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.
Before you can become a millionaire, you must learn to think like one. You must learn how to motivate yourself to counter fear with courage. Making critical decisions about your career, business, investments and other resources conjures up fear, fear that is part of the process of becoming a financial success.
Feeling is the consciousness of the resulting conditions - of success, failure, equilibrium, compromise or balance, in this continuous rivalry of ideas.
Success listens only to applause. To all else it is deaf.
There's no success story. Everybody's got a ghetto story. You always want to make it bigger than what it is.
Tears are often the telescope by which men see far into heaven.
I've always believed that success for anyone is all about drive, dedication, and desire, but for me, it's also been about confidence and faith.
I feel like I want to take care of everyone and I also feel this terrible guilt if I am unable to. And I have felt this way ever since all this success started.
Success has nothing to do with what you gain in life or accomplish for yourself. It's what you do for others.
With self-discipline most anything is possible.
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
'Star Wars' is fun, its exciting, its inspirational, and people respond to that. It's what they want.
I want to be an inspirational model. I want people to look at me and say, 'Wow, she looks healthy.'
It always seems impossible until it's done.
The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do well, and doing well whatever you do without thought of fame. If it comes at all it will come because it is deserved, not because it is sought after.
Reach for the stars.
I saw a lot of people have success handed to them that then exploited it. They didn't protect it or cherish it.
Light tomorrow with today!
Successful people make money. It's not that people who make money become successful, but that successful people attract money. They bring success to what they do.
Barack Obama likes to point to General Motors as the poster child for the job creation success of his economic policies. However, whatever your sentiments about the government's bailout of General Motors, for every job Barack Obama 'saved-or-created' in the U.S. there were two jobs off shore.
I think true success is intrinsic... It's love. It's kindness. It's community.
Treat failure as a lesson on how not to approach achieving a goal, and then use that learning to improve your chances of success when you try again. Failure is only the end if you decide to stop.
Nurture your minds with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes.
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth.
No man succeeds without a good woman behind him. Wife or mother, if it is both, he is twice blessed indeed.
The compensation of a very early success is a conviction that life is a romantic matter. In the best sense one stays young.
My success was not based so much on any great intelligence but on great common sense.
Success demands singleness of purpose.
They talk about the failure of socialism but where is the success of capitalism in Africa, Asia and Latin America?
Yesterday we obeyed kings and bent our necks before emperors. But today we kneel only to truth, follow only beauty, and obey only love.
At Princeton I gained a great deal of pleasure from success in my classes. knowing that I could accomplish those things, and I realized that my success was directly proportionate to the work I put in.
You stand with the least likely to succeed until success is succeeded by something more valuable: kinship. You stand with the belligerent, the surly and the badly behaved until bad behavior is recognized for the language it is: the vocabulary of the deeply wounded and of those whose burdens are more than they can bear.
So I feel like success is opportunity plus preparation, so work begets work, and as long as you're prepared it's going to continue to come your way.
Success in golf depends less on strength of body than upon strength of mind and character.
Success is the maximum utilization of the ability that you have.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.
The battle of life is, in most cases, fought uphill; and to win it without a struggle were perhaps to win it without honor. If there were no difficulties there would be no success; if there were nothing to struggle for, there would be nothing to be achieved.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
I celebrate myself, and sing myself.
Let us dream of tomorrow where we can truly love from the soul, and know love as the ultimate truth at the heart of all creation.
Achievers have an enabling attitude, realism, and a conviction that they themselves were the laboratory of innovation. Their ability to change themselves is central to their success. They have learned to conserve their energy by minimizing the time spent in regret or complaint. Every event is a lesson to them, every person a teacher.
I believe in luck: how else can you explain the success of those you dislike?
We learned about honesty and integrity - that the truth matters... that you don't take shortcuts or play by your own set of rules... and success doesn't count unless you earn it fair and square.
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it.
I do not think that there is any other quality so essential to success of any kind as the quality of perseverance. It overcomes almost everything, even nature.
To have success in your professional life is not so hard. To succeed as a man is more difficult.
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.
Every video I've made has an inspirational message behind it. Since day one, I thought, 'Okay, I want my audience to be, like, Disney members.' So if that's the case, I have to keep everything rated G.
When you fail you learn from the mistakes you made and it motivates you to work even harder.
Success is the space one occupies in the newspaper. Success is one day's insolence.
I am not afraid... I was born to do this.
I think that's a great opportunity, to pick a script where you can build up a good skill. I think the main thing I look for when I look at scripts is if it's inspirational. If it's something that teenagers can relate to. And is it something that the audience is going to get something out of. If not, then it's really not worth doing.
Refuse to accept the belief that your professional relevance, career success or financial security turns on the next update on the latest technology. Sometimes it's good to put the paddle down and just let the canoe glide.
Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome.
The more we do, the more we can do.
If you have no critics you'll likely have no success.
Teachers are always trying to inspire people to do better, to learn, to grow. That's what we do, and we're proud of the success we've had here doing that, and it's something we'll certainly continue to do.
People need to realise what real happiness and success is, because success as an actor is fleeting. You can be up there one day and gone the next.
Commitment, belief and positive attitude are all important if you're going to be a success, whether you're in sports, in business or, as in my case, anthropology.
You can never quit. Winners never quit, and quitters never win.
Great leaders understand that historical success tends to produce stable and inwardly focused organizations, and these outfits, in turn, reinforce a feeling of contentment with the status quo.
Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
Successful entrepreneurs find the balance between listening to their inner voice and staying persistent in driving for success - because sometimes success is waiting right across from the transitional bump that's disguised as failure.
I knew, regardless of anything else, singing in front of an orchestra was going to be inspirational. It would feed me.
No man ever achieved worth-while success who did not, at one time or other, find himself with at least one foot hanging well over the brink of failure.
Great hopes make great men.
I used to make up stuff in my bio all the time, that I used to be a professional ice-skater and stuff like that. I found it so inspirational. Why not make myself cooler than I am?
Let every dawn be to you as the beginning of life, and every setting sun be to you as its close.
There are people out there who hate me and who say I'm arrogant, vain, and whatever. That's all part of my success. I am made to be the best.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
Only the educated are free.
Nothing makes one feel so strong as a call for help.
Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but by the opposition you have encountered, and the courage with which you have maintained the struggle against overwhelming odds.
Success is not the absence of failure; it's the persistence through failure.
An empowered organisation is one in which individuals have the knowledge, skill, desire, and opportunity to personally succeed in a way that leads to collective organisational success.
Success is not greedy, as people think, but insignificant. That is why it satisfies nobody.
The secret of success is learning how to use pain and pleasure instead of having pain and pleasure use you. If you do that, you're in control of your life. If you don't, life controls you.
There is no success without hardship.
I came to America with a dream and I made it. The dream became reality. America is built for success.
The real secret of success is enthusiasm.
The secret of your success is determined by your daily agenda.
It's the price of success: people start to think you're omnipotent.
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success.
We need to accept that we won't always make the right decisions, that we'll screw up royally sometimes - understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it's part of success.
I never expected any sort of success with 'Mockingbird'... I sort of hoped someone would like it enough to give me encouragement.
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.
Success is following the pattern of life one enjoys most.
Taxation is the price we pay for failing to build a civilized society. The higher the tax level, the greater the failure. A centrally planned totalitarian state represents a complete defeat for the civilized world, while a totally voluntary society represents its ultimate success.
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start.
Quality is not an act, it is a habit.
Time is the most precious element of human existence. The successful person knows how to put energy into time and how to draw success from time.
It's cool to have critical success because it's always nice for your peers to say, 'Good job.' But who cares about them?
Lord, grant that I may always desire more than I can accomplish.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
Act like you expect to get into the end zone.
Real success is finding you lifework in the work that you love.
We aim above the mark to hit the mark.
Silence is the last thing the world will ever hear from me.
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune.
I was obliged to be industrious. Whoever is equally industrious will succeed equally well.
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.
A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week.
I think that my biggest attribute to any success that I have had is hard work. There really is no substitute for working hard.
Part of being a man is learning to take responsibility for your successes and for your failures. You can't go blaming others or being jealous. Seeing somebody else's success as your failure is a cancerous way to live.
On the recollection of so many and great favours and blessings, I now, with a high sense of gratitude, presume to offer up my sincere thanks to the Almighty, the Creator and Preserver.
Failure is success if we learn from it.
Good planning is important. I've also regarded a sense of humor as one of the most important things on a big expedition. When you're in a difficult or dangerous situation, or when you're depressed about the chances of success, someone who can make you laugh eases the tension.
The one thing that makes me feel super lucky about my financial success is that I have a housekeeper.
Every man's life is a fairy tale written by God's fingers.
I always envisioned myself being a rapper and being in the game and having success, but you never know what it feels like or how you're going to be when you're there.
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.
Fear comes in two packages fear of failure, and sometimes, fear of success.
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success.
Success has a simple formula: do your best, and people may like it.
You look at the tremendous success of Facebook. To my mind there is not a lot of commerce going on in these social networking sites. eBay is a community anchored in commerce. It is a commerce site that built a community around it. What has not been proven is if the reverse can happen and people will go to community sites to do commerce.
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
When it comes to success, there are no shortcuts.
Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture.
There is no substitute for victory.
Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well.
A will finds a way.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
Have regular hours for work and play; make each day both useful and pleasant, and prove that you understand the worth of time by employing it well. Then youth will be delightful, old age will bring few regrets, and life will become a beautiful success.
The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
There's a lot of blood, sweat, and guts between dreams and success.
The secret to success is good leadership, and good leadership is all about making the lives of your team members or workers better.
If you've got a talent, protect it.
One measure of your success will be the degree to which you build up others who work with you. While building up others, you will build up yourself.
True leadership lies in guiding others to success. In ensuring that everyone is performing at their best, doing the work they are pledged to do and doing it well.
You've got to eat while you dream. You've got to deliver on short-range commitments, while you develop a long-range strategy and vision and implement it. The success of doing both. Walking and chewing gum if you will. Getting it done in the short-range, and delivering a long-range plan, and executing on that.
Those who have succeeded at anything and don't mention luck are kidding themselves.
I'm an addict, I'm addicted to success. Thankfully, there's no rehab for success.
We are constantly emphasizing to people that they need to address anything that affects flight safety or mission success - many pathways to do that. We need to understand better what may be preventing people from using those pathways.
It is not the going out of port, but the coming in, that determines the success of a voyage.
I worked half my life to be an overnight success, and still it took me by surprise.
I believe that one defines oneself by reinvention. To not be like your parents. To not be like your friends. To be yourself. To cut yourself out of stone.
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.
The people who influence you are the people who believe in you.
Carry on any enterprise as if all future success depended on it.
Too low they build, who build beneath the stars.
I think the success that I have is due to hard work and destiny. It is important to stay grounded and not take things for granted.
Success makes so many people hate you. I wish it wasn't that way. It would be wonderful to enjoy success without seeing envy in the eyes of those around you.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Lee's great gifts are teaching and inspirational guidance, not administration and management.
Most of us have far more courage than we ever dreamed we possessed.
Some of the best lessons we ever learn are learned from past mistakes. The error of the past is the wisdom and success of the future.
You grow up a bit damaged or broken then you have some success but you don't know how to feel good about the work you're doing or the life you're leading.
The most effective way to do it, is to do it.
I'm not here to impose Sharia law, and I'm not here to have a message about disability being inspirational - I'm here to make people laugh. But when I can layer things and make people not only laugh but question, make people not only laugh but be offended... I have to do that.
Success represents the 1% of your work which results from the 99% that is called failure.
Success is sweet and sweeter if long delayed and gotten through many struggles and defeats.
As an actor there's a lot of scrutiny and, even when you've had success, it becomes about sustaining that success. A friend of mine described it as a peakless mountain. Even for De Niro there's Pacino and for Pacino there's De Niro.
And now, this is the sweetest and most glorious day that ever my eyes did see.
Traveling around the country, meeting fans and hearing their stories in person and on my radio show has reenergized my commitment to creating honest and inspirational content that not only serves my own creative purposes but can help and touch others as well.
Success is not two cars or a swimming pool. It's the approval of your peers.
Many are called but few get up.
Whatever you do to gain success, you have to hang in there and hope good things happen. Always think positive.
A concerted effort to preserve our heritage is a vital link to our cultural, educational, aesthetic, inspirational, and economic legacies - all of the things that quite literally make us who we are.
Your heart is full of fertile seeds, waiting to sprout.
The success I have achieved in bodybuilding, motion pictures, and business would not have been possible without the generosity of the American people and the freedom here to pursue your dreams.
Of all human activities, man's listening to God is the supreme act of his reasoning and will.
Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
There's a way to do it better - find it.
Desire is the key to motivation, but it's determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal - a commitment to excellence - that will enable you to attain the success you seek.
The key to success is to focus our conscious mind on things we desire not things we fear.
Although he's no longer with us, Steve Jobs is still inspirational to me, as he managed to find the balance between right brain/left-brain thinking that is crucial to building a creative technology business.
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
I can, therefore I am.
I'm going to write a book, continue acting, continue motivational speaking and just share with people who I am and what I've learned in my second chance of life and pass it on to people in their first chance of life.
The foundation stones for a balanced success are honesty, character, integrity, faith, love and loyalty.
In this world it is not what we take up, but what we give up, that makes us rich.
When you're working hard and doing all you can to achieve your goals, anything that can give you an edge is powerful and will streamline your path to success.
The most successful men in the end are those whose success is the result of steady accretion.
And when I breathed, my breath was lightning.
Business gives you a massive high. Doing a great deal, coming up with an inspirational solution... It's very addictive. But it doesn't last long. In isolation, it's a bit sterile. It doesn't reward the soul.
Give light and people will find the way.
There is a loftier ambition than merely to stand high in the world. It is to stoop down and lift mankind a little higher.
I look up to a strong woman; maybe that's why I fell for Gaga. She works incredibly hard and is very strong and inspirational like Mom, with a great work ethic.
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit.
The success combination in business is: Do what you do better... and: do more of what you do.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you do, you'll be successful.
Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks, and courage.
That man is a success who has lived well, laughed often and loved much.
Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow's reality.
The hardest thing to find in life is balance - especially, the more success you have, the more you look to the other side of the gate.
I do like alternative rock and rap, but as far as inspirational, then I go full-on orchestra. It fills up your entire being.
Such a faith would be fatal to my reason, to my liberty, and even to the success of my undertakings; it would immediately transform me into a stupid slave, an instrument of the will and interests of others.
When Bill Clinton ran in '92, and I listened to him, and I had of course known of his record from Arkansas, I found him extraordinarily inspirational, and I voted Democratic.
I've a great family, two children to take care of. Then, of course, I do commentary for TV. I do speak about various women's issues around the world - like LGBT, motivational speeches. I have a lot on my plate right now. But eventually, yes, I would like to pass on the knowledge and something that I would like to do.
However things may seem, no evil thing is success and no good thing is failure.
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
Luxury is the wolf at the door and its fangs are the vanities and conceits germinated by success. When an artist learns this, he knows where the danger is.
Some say I'm an overnight success. Well, that was a very long night that lasted about 10 years.
The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success.
Success is not in never failing, but rising everytime you fall!
The NFL is a performance-based business, so you should have to perform to earn some of your money. At the same time, I realize that my success isn't just because of what I do out there.
After a storm comes a calm.
Failure is not an option. Everyone has to succeed.
It is so inspirational, to see that in the world of Westeros, men are answering to women, and they are a force to be reckoned with. It's empowering, and it's inspirational as well, because you're just like, 'This is great!'
I've been very lucky to have achieved a lot of the things that I dreamt of achieving as a young man. But, at the end of the day - and I truly believe this - it is not about achieving great wealth or success. Because they don't bring happiness, ultimately.
There are people who can achieve huge success in life, while adding a bit of fun and a splash of colour to this increasingly grey world.
Success is finding satisfaction in giving a little more than you take.
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
For marriage to be a success, every woman and every man should have her and his own bathroom. The end.
I have an idea of who I want to be, I have a vision of my own success.
Success follows those adept at preserving the substance of the past by clothing it in the forms of the future.
The secret of my success is my hairspray.
Whatever you want in life, other people are going to want it too. Believe in yourself enough to accept the idea that you have an equal right to it.
Beside every great success are the seeds of enormous failure. In every failure, there's the opportunity seeds of great success. They're not miles apart. So if they're that close together, and if you're really working, you're always gonna have that likelihood that something's not going to work.
People fall forward to success.
I wonder how many times people give up just before a breakthrough - when they are on the very brink of success.
I wish I could just go tell all the young women I work with, all these fabulous women, 'Believe in yourself and negotiate for yourself. Own your own success.' I wish I could tell that to my daughter. But it's not that simple.
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
As I've progressed in my career, I've come to appreciate - and really value - the other attributes that define a company's success beyond the P&L: great leadership, long-term financial strength, ethical business practices, evolving business strategies, sound governance, powerful brands, values-based decision-making.
Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing.
Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities.
'Do What You Gotta Do' is a positive, inspirational song that says no matter what it is; whether you're up against challenges or trying to get your dreams and aspirations met, you should do what whatever you have to do shy of killing yourself or someone else.
If you want to achieve things in life, you've just got to do them, and if you're talented and smart, you'll succeed.
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally.
The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
I've lost count of the number of times that I've been approached by strangers wanting to tell me that they think I'm brave or inspirational, and this was long before my work had any kind of public profile.
Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love?
You must take action now that will move you towards your goals. Develop a sense of urgency in your life.
Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it.
Many individuals are doing what they can. But real success can only come if there is a change in our societies and in our economics and in our politics.
Success cannot come from standstill men. Methods change and men must change with them.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is liking what you get.
The difference between us and them, between you and success, is not that you never fail, but it's how you recover from those failures - is that you keep getting up time and time again. You figure out what you did wrong, and then you make it right. I say that to my kids every day.
Like success, failure is many things to many people. With Positive Mental Attitude, failure is a learning experience, a rung on the ladder, a plateau at which to get your thoughts in order and prepare to try again.
Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along.
I've been absolutely terrified every moment of my life - and I've never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do.
When one must, one can.
I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.'
I don't think 'Cocktail' was a perfect critical success, but it touched a vein in our culture.
Think little goals and expect little achievements. Think big goals and win big success.
So I wanted to sing inspirational music, and that's exactly how I approached it - only the words have been changed to declare my relationship with God.
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
Every charitable act is a stepping stone toward heaven.
I must admit that I personally measure success in terms of the contributions an individual makes to her or his fellow human beings.
More than half of people who leave their jobs do so because of their relationship with their boss. Smart companies make certain their managers know how to balance being professional with being human. These are the bosses who celebrate an employee's success, empathize with those going through hard times, and challenge people, even when it hurts.
The common idea that success spoils people by making them vain, egotistic and self-complacent is erroneous; on the contrary it makes them, for the most part, humble, tolerant and kind.
The success of a production depends on the attention paid to detail.
When a small child, I thought that success spelled happiness. I was wrong, happiness is like a butterfly which appears and delights us for one brief moment, but soon flits away.
The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand.
To follow, without halt, one aim: that's the secret of success.
I would say I'm an inspirational guidelines book. You can take my life story or scenarios or songs and relate to them and apply them to your everyday life.
You cannot climb the ladder of success dressed in the costume of failure.
Greatness is so often a courteous synonym for great success.
No matter how much success you're having, you can't continue working together if you can't communicate.
Pray that success will not come any faster than you are able to endure it.
I am never without my lyric book. If anything inspirational happens, I have it there so nothing's forgotten.
In sports teams, apart from talk of sporting prowess and the imparting of inspirational thought, an extraordinary amount of time is spent discussing, and flaunting, material possessions.
I have had all of the disadvantages required for success.
You will never win if you never begin.
I sort of understood that when I first started: that you shouldn't repeat a success. Very often you're going to, and maybe the first time you do, it works. And you love it. But then you're trapped.
People are the key to success or extraordinary success.
There's no abiding success without commitment.
Check your ego at the door. The ego can be the great success inhibitor. It can kill opportunities, and it can kill success.
In fact, I wouldn't really call this a Gospel album, I call it more an inspirational album.
Don't fight the problem, decide it.
True happiness involves the full use of one's power and talents.
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be.
Seventy percent of success in life is showing up.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
The ideal life is in our blood and never will be still.
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
The reward of art is not fame or success but intoxication: that is why so many bad artists are unable to give it up.
We've had great successes, but our future is not about our past success. It's going to be about whether we will invent things that are really going to drive our future.
Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any. It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing.
The greatest sign of success for a teacher... is to be able to say, 'The children are now working as if I did not exist.'
He has achieved success who has worked well, laughed often, and loved much.
I congratulate you, my brave countrymen and fellow soldiers, on the spirit and success with which you have executed this important part of our enterprise.
I do a lot of inspirational talks for kids, to motivate them to change their lives and give them hope.
An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one.
The more defects a man may have, the older he is, the less lovable, the more resounding his success.
If you don't ask, you don't get.
Success doesn't necessarily come from breakthrough innovation but from flawless execution. A great strategy alone won't win a game or a battle; the win comes from basic blocking and tackling.
Success is nothing if you don't have the right people to share it with; you're just gonna end up lonely.
What makes the desert beautiful is that somewhere it hides a well.
People think that at the top there isn't much room. They tend to think of it as an Everest. My message is that there is tons of room at the top.
With the success of a show, you get an opportunity to call attention to things that you believe in.
I pull a lot of the stuff that I play off the rhythm tracks - and Keith Richards has been one of the main contributors to my inspirational playing.
Hope is but the dream of those who wake.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
You don't have to be a genius or a visionary or even a college graduate to be successful. You just need a framework and a dream.
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine.
For an actress to be a success, she must have the face of a Venus, the brains of a Minerva, the grace of Terpsichore, the memory of a MaCaulay, the figure of Juno, and the hide of a rhinoceros.
The way a team plays as a whole determines its success.
I have always been pushed by the negative. The apparent failure of a play sends me back to my typewriter that very night, before the reviews are out. I am more compelled to get back to work than if I had a success.
Oh, I would love to be a motivational speaker. I have pulled myself out of a million potholes, and I can see the potholes ahead of me. That doesn't mean that I could always do that so perfectly for my own life. I totally fall in potholes.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
We do not celebrate people who have made success out of serious hard work.
I went to a motivational training course once, a course of self-discovery, and I found out after a week that my fear - it was not a fear of not being accepted - was a very violent fear of failure.
The will to succeed is important, but what's more important is the will to prepare.
If I could offer but one helpful hint to young Hoosiers hoping to better their odds for success in life, I would simply note the importance of thoughtful reading.
We reached a high point in my opinion with the passage of the civil rights legislation and Martin Luther King's success and the crusade of others. I think we kind of breathed a sigh of relief as if we had achieved the end of racial discrimination or white supremacy.
Happiness is the natural flower of duty.
I wanted to do something inspirational for my children.
My success is not due to any personal superiority over other people.
Success is like death. The more successful you become, the higher the houses in the hills get and the higher the fences get.
Willpower is the key to success. Successful people strive no matter what they feel by applying their will to overcome apathy, doubt or fear.
The winner's edge is not in a gifted birth, a high IQ, or in talent. The winner's edge is all in the attitude, not aptitude. Attitude is the criterion for success.
I think 'Heroes of Cosplay' will show a lot of the positive things, like how much effort it takes to make a costume. These people on the show aren't taking shortcuts. As long as that effort gets through to the viewers, we will be inspirational. Then there will be people who watch the show that want to get in and hands-on make outfits.
Success is dependent on effort.
I think if there's something one needs to change with oneself, it doesn't have to happen in the New Year. You can do that any time you please - not that it's not a good inspirational tactic for the people that it works for.
Courage, my friends; 'tis not too late to build a better world.
Don't be afraid of failure; be afraid of petty success.
I'll tell you, there is nothing better in life than being a late bloomer. I believe that success can happen at any time and at any age.
Miracles are a retelling in small letters of the very same story which is written across the whole world in letters too large for some of us to see.
The will to persevere is often the difference between failure and success.
I attribute my success to my mental approach to the game. I have always been a serious student of umpiring. I enjoy studying rules, situations, and positioning.
Had I not come out with an inspirational CD, you perhaps would have never known that I feel like I feel, that all songs, all the music I've ever done is a gift from God.
We just want to win. That's the bottom line. I think a lot of times people may become content with one championship or a little bit of success, but we don't really reflect on what we've done in the past. We focus on the present.
I'm lucky to be part of a team who help to make me look good, and they deserve as much of the credit for my success as I do for the hard work we have all put in on the training ground.
Success consists of getting up just one more time than you fall.
In order that people may be happy in their work, these three things are needed: They must be fit for it. They must not do too much of it. And they must have a sense of success in it.
The one thing that I know is that you win with good people.
I have looked into your eyes with my eyes. I have put my heart near your heart.
I can honestly say that I was never affected by the question of the success of an undertaking. If I felt it was the right thing to do, I was for it regardless of the possible outcome.
Fun opens the doors to creativity, which then leads to inspiration, which then births passion, which all together equals both happiness and success!
Architecture is not an inspirational business, it's a rational procedure to do sensible and hopefully beautiful things; that's all.
Every person who wins in any undertaking must be willing to cut all sources of retreat. Only by doing so can one be sure of maintaining that state of mind known as a burning desire to win - essential to success.
Encouragement of higher education for our youth is critical to the success of our collective future.
The secret of my success is a two word answer: Know people.
It is by acts and not by ideas that people live.
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.
What drives success, and the most successful students, is internal motivation.
Success is the child of drudgery and perseverance. It cannot be coaxed or bribed; pay the price and it is yours.
Our time here is magic! It's the only space you have to realize whatever it is that is beautiful, whatever is true, whatever is great, whatever is potential, whatever is rare, whatever is unique, in. It's the only space.
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.
For true success ask yourself these four questions: Why? Why not? Why not me? Why not now?
Even successful musicians have had periods where people say they suck and no one likes them, even after they've had periods of great success. So I think it's like you just gotta do you and try to stay motivated. Until, you know, you decide to stay home and make spaghetti all day.
We are taught to consume. And that's what we do. But if we realized that there really is no reason to consume, that it's just a mind set, that it's just an addiction, then we wouldn't be out there stepping on people's hands climbing the corporate ladder of success.
I wish that the Indians believed me a god, for upon the report of an enemy's valor oftentimes depends the success of a battle, and false reports have many times done as great things as true courage and resolution.
Men judge us by the success of our efforts. God looks at the efforts themselves.
I think there's an awful lot of noise about the Church being persecuted but there is a more real issue that the conventional churches face - that the people who are really driving their revival and success believe in an old-time religion which, in my view, is incompatible with a modern, multi-ethnic, multicultural society.
You never know when some small thing will lead to a big idea. Travel is very inspirational - but it's in the ordinary that I find my themes of love and work and family.
Without craftsmanship, inspiration is a mere reed shaken in the wind.
Success in its highest and noblest form calls for peace of mind and enjoyment and happiness which come only to the man who has found the work that he likes best.
I am very conscious of who I am as an artist and as an inspirational person.
He conquers who endures.
Motivation will almost always beat mere talent.
Think twice before you speak, because your words and influence will plant the seed of either success or failure in the mind of another.
Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in.
The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.
Success in life is founded upon attention to the small things rather than to the large things; to the every day things nearest to us rather than to the things that are remote and uncommon.
What I have in common with the character in 'Truman' is this incredible need to please people. I feel like I want to take care of everyone and I also feel this terrible guilt if I am unable to. And I have felt this way ever since all this success started.
Thelonious Monk was one of the musicians I most connected with early on. I'm a huge Betty Carter fan, and the way that Abbey Lincoln and Shirley Horn grew immensely from the time they were young is so inspirational.
Not on one strand are all life's jewels strung.
In order to attain the impossible, one must attempt the absurd.
The historical basis for the gap between the black middle class and underclass shows that ending discrimination, by itself, would not eradicate black poverty and dysfunction. We also need intervention to promulgate a middle-class ethic of success among the poor, while expanding opportunities for economic betterment.
My parents are very proud of my success but still worry, as I'm in a profession where there is no guarantee of work. They have always supported my decision to go into acting, but there have been tough times work-wise.
Keep all special thoughts and memories for lifetimes to come. Share these keepsakes with others to inspire hope and build from the past, which can bridge to the future.
It is very important to know who you are. To make decisions. To show who you are.
Self-belief and hard work will always earn you success.
I have had success throughout the years. Some of the hard rock bands today don't have the history that I have.
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style.
The survival of liberty in our land increasingly depends on the success of liberty in other lands. The best hope for peace in our world is the expansion of freedom in all the world.
I really think that it's disgusting that Paris is the only place where it is illegal for paps to follow you around. It actually took someone losing their life - Diana, an inspirational woman - and then it changed, but they still won't change it in London! It's horrible!
Lord knows, every day is not a success, every year is not a success. You have to celebrate the good.
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him.
God has already done everything He's going to do. The ball is now in your court. If you want success, if you want wisdom, if you want to be prosperous and healthy, you're going to have to do more than meditate and believe; you must boldly declare words of faith and victory over yourself and your family.
Success in almost any field depends more on energy and drive than it does on intelligence. This explains why we have so many stupid leaders.
The success and the failure are not my concern, but His.
I do love to eavesdrop. It's inspirational, not only for subject matter but for actual dialogue, the way people talk.
Every success story has a parent who says, 'over my dead body.' Every success story has an old person who walks up to you and says, when you're acting the fool, 'you know I worry about you sometimes.'
Success in business today requires real-time, mobile access to business opportunities.
Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success; leadership determines whether the ladder is leaning against the right wall.
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.
We convince by our presence.
Always desire to learn something useful.
In the United States there's a Puritan ethic and a mythology of success. He who is successful is good. In Latin countries, in Catholic countries, a successful person is a sinner.
If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants.
I think the biggest challenge is to continue on the same path. I think it's easy to become complacent from the success you've had.
The dog that trots about finds a bone.
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best.
Flaming enthusiasm, backed up by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success.
Every day we should hear at least one little song, read one good poem, see one exquisite picture, and, if possible, speak a few sensible words.
Noble deeds that are concealed are most esteemed.
I wrote '('Til) I Kissed You' about a girl I met in Australia. Her name was Lilian, and she was very, very inspirational. I was married, but... I wrote the song about her on the way back home.
We learned about gratitude and humility - that so many people had a hand in our success, from the teachers who inspired us to the janitors who kept our school clean... and we were taught to value everyone's contribution and treat everyone with respect.
I'd like to one day be featured on a list of inspirational people who have made a difference in the world, whether it be helping underprivileged people or putting an end to the poaching of wildlife in Africa.
A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil.
To get down to the quick of it, respect motivates me - not success.
It's how you deal with failure that determines how you achieve success.
Success consists in being successful, not in having potential for success. Any wide piece of ground is the potential site of a palace, but there's no palace till it's built.
That should be the measure of success for everyone. It's not money, it's not fame, it's not celebrity; my index of success is happiness.
Within the hearts men, loyalty and consideration are esteemed greater than success.
Communication - the human connection - is the key to personal and career success.
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.
A tragic irony of life is that we so often achieve success or financial independence after the chief reason for which we sought it has passed away.
God sleeps in the minerals, awakens in plants, walks in animals, and thinks in man.
True leaders don't invest in buildings. Jesus never built a building. They invest in people. Why? Because success without a successor is failure. So your legacy should not be in buildings, programs, or projects; your legacy must be in people.
Success is never final, failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts.
Be faithful to that which exists within yourself.
All those who are around me are the bridge to my success, so they are all important.
Success is about dedication. You may not be where you want to be or do what you want to do when you're on the journey. But you've got to be willing to have vision and foresight that leads you to an incredible end.
You just can't beat the person who never gives up.
Success in any endeavor depends on the degree to which it is an expression of your true self.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
Anybody who succeeds is helping people. The secret to success is find a need and fill it; find a hurt and heal it; find a problem and solve it.
Stem cell research holds enormous promise for easing human suffering, and federal support is critical to its success.
The keys to brand success are self-definition, transparency, authenticity and accountability.
Remember you will not always win. Some days, the most resourceful individual will taste defeat. But there is, in this case, always tomorrow - after you have done your best to achieve success today.
Young man, the secret of my success is that at early age I discovered that I was not God.
I think it's way harder when you have success, 'cause people tend to not treat you the same or look at you the same because they see the success or the money you make.
Nothing succeeds like success.
Always remember that striving and struggle precede success, even in the dictionary.
I was sure I'd set the world on fire, and it was hard for a young feller like me to realize the truth - that I hadn't set the world on fire, and I was totally unprepared to handle the consequences if 'The Big Trail' had been a success and launched me as a star.
If you can figure out my success on the screen, you're a better man than I.
What were once only hopes for the future have now come to pass; it is almost exactly 13 years since the overwhelming majority of people in Ireland and Northern Ireland voted in favour of the agreement signed on Good Friday 1998, paving the way for Northern Ireland to become the exciting and inspirational place that it is today.
The two most important requirements for major success are: first, being in the right place at the right time, and second, doing something about it.
No foreign policy - no matter how ingenious - has any chance of success if it is born in the minds of a few and carried in the hearts of none.
The secrets of success are a good wife and a steady job. My wife told me.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit.
I want to make this world perfect.
At the end of the day, you are solely responsible for your success and your failure. And the sooner you realize that, you accept that, and integrate that into your work ethic, you will start being successful. As long as you blame others for the reason you aren't where you want to be, you will always be a failure.
Personal relationships are the fertile soil from which all advancement, all success, all achievement in real life grows.
If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.
Pursue one great decisive aim with force and determination.
Joy descends gently upon us like the evening dew, and does not patter down like a hailstorm.
Often, these downplay the power of cultural imperialism - in that sense, playing the game of US interests - by reassuring us that the global success of American mass culture is not as bad as all that.
As knowledge increases, wonder deepens.
Success isn't everything but it makes a man stand straight.
I am highly offended by the total lack of acknowledgement of my contribution to Laker success.
You see countries like India really investing in their space program because they see it as inspirational and good for their economy.
My dad is too cute. Every morning, he sends me one motivational quote. I have a folder full of all his quotes.
A #2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere.
Learning to celebrate success is a key component of learning how to win in the market.
You have to make it happen.
Past success is no guarantee of future success, so I have learned to be an entrepreneur. I began to produce and direct my own projects.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
There's no secret about success. Did you ever know a successful man who didn't tell you about it?
What is called genius is the abundance of life and health.
Earn your success based on service to others, not at the expense of others.
Our limitations and success will be based, most often, on your own expectations for ourselves. What the mind dwells upon, the body acts upon.
Knock the 't' off the 'can't'
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Thought is the wind, knowledge the sail, and mankind the vessel.
Begin to be now what you will be hereafter.
Success consecrates the most offensive crimes.
Success is tricky to deal with, both professionally and in your personal life.
I've worked too hard and too long to let anything stand in the way of my goals. I will not let my teammates down and I will not let myself down.
You will be a failure, until you impress the subconscious with the conviction you are a success. This is done by making an affirmation which 'clicks.'
'No one can make you successful; the will to success comes from within.' I've made this my motto. I've internalized it to the point of understanding that the success of my actions and/or endeavors doesn't depend on anyone else, and that includes a possible failure.
I love inspirational R&B, like Mary J. Blige and Jennifer Hudson. I want to do that. That kind of music stays with you.
You just hope that you will get the opportunity to do what you love and pay your bills, and that is being a success as an actor.
Creative risk taking is essential to success in any goal where the stakes are high. Thoughtless risks are destructive, of course, but perhaps even more wasteful is thoughtless caution which prompts inaction and promotes failure to seize opportunity.
Vitality shows in not only the ability to persist but the ability to start over.
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast.
Awards are not the only markers of success; I don't judge myself just based on them. I believe that each cinema-goer has his own mental trophies.
I think that the reason for my success is that I am really not aspirational. I am inspirational in that the people at home feel like they can really relate to me.
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination.
Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success.
Do not weep; do not wax indignant. Understand.
Barack Obama's inspirational whoosh to the presidency in 2008 was unusual. Most campaigns are less exhilarating; indeed, they are downright disappointing - until someone wins.
If you could only love enough, you could be the most powerful person in the world.
A great secret of success is to go through life as a man who never gets used up.
Space exploration is important research to our economic and national defense, and America's space program is a symbol of our success as a scientifically and technologically advanced nation.
Let your life lightly dance on the edges of Time like dew on the tip of a leaf.
I believe that one key to success is to accept truth, no matter how it's spoken.
The undertaking of a new action brings new strength.
The foundation of success in life is good health: that is the substratum fortune; it is also the basis of happiness. A person cannot accumulate a fortune very well when he is sick.
I worked at The Old Globe Theater under the great baton of Craig Noel. One of the great theater heroes that we have. He was so great and so inspirational. I think I did 'Antony and Cleopatra' and 'The Taming of the Shrew'. I lived in Ocean Beach, and my rent was $140 a month.
A man has to learn that he cannot command things, but that he can command himself; that he cannot coerce the wills of others, but that he can mold and master his own will: and things serve him who serves Truth; people seek guidance of him who is master of himself.
Learning how to be still, to really be still and let life happen - that stillness becomes a radiance.
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.
Try to look at your weakness and convert it into your strength. That's success.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
You know you are on the road to success if you would do your job, and not be paid for it.
We've been surrounded by images of space our whole lives, from the speculative images of science fiction to the inspirational visions of artists to the increasingly beautiful pictures made possible by complex technologies. But whilst we have an overwhelmingly vivid visual understanding of space, we have no sense of what space sounds like.
To this day, just always treat people the way you want to be treated. Whether it's family or friends or co-workers, I think it's the most important thing. Whether you have success or don't have it, whether you're a good person is all that matters.
Success is not a place at which one arrives but rather the spirit with which one undertakes and continues the journey.
I would love to be a guest on a talk show or a panel that shows women who have been on reality shows who've had success, to prove to audiences that you don't have to be a fool to become successful.
Growing up, in church we had the homily; at home it's what I call the 'momily' - the inspirational and instructive mom-isms that every family has.
Wherever you are - be all there.
Everyone who achieves success in a great venture, solves each problem as they came to it. They helped themselves. And they were helped through powers known and unknown to them at the time they set out on their voyage. They keep going regardless of the obstacles they met.
The power of pop culture stories should not be underestimated, and there is an enormous potential for inspirational stories that can have a positive, transformative effect on our lives.
I have always believed, and I still believe, that whatever good or bad fortune may come our way we can always give it meaning and transform it into something of value.
Choose something you like to do. I know it's a cliche, and you've heard it over and over. But the reason is, you're going to have to work long and hard to achieve any success. You better like it or life is going to be terrible.
I attribute my success to this - I never gave or took any excuse.
I believe in the city as a natural human environment, but we must humanize it. It's art that will re-define public space in the 21st Century. We can make our cities diverse, inspirational places by putting art, dance and performance in all its forms into the matrix of street life.
There is nothing more difficult to take in hand, more perilous to conduct, or more uncertain in its success, than to take the lead in the introduction of a new order of things.
If you work just for money, you'll never make it, but if you love what you're doing and you always put the customer first, success will be yours.
Inspirational leaders need to have a winning mentality in order to inspire respect. It is hard to trust in the leadership of someone who is half-hearted about their purpose, or only sporadic in focus or enthusiasm.
It's harder to be a success, globally, and be artistic. Harder to have that balance than just to be artistic when nobody understands you.
We help people to begin truly healthful diets, and it is absolutely wonderful to see, not only their success, but also their delight at their ability to break old habits and feel really healthy for a change.
The hardest thing to find in life is balance - especially the more success you have, the more you look to the other side of the gate. What do I need to stay grounded, in touch, in love, connected, emotionally balanced? Look within yourself.
The decadent international but individualistic capitalism in the hands of which we found ourselves after the war is not a success. It is not intelligent. It is not beautiful. It is not just. It is not virtuous. And it doesn't deliver the goods.
One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation.
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow.
Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe to assure the survival and the success of liberty.
I define success as being comfortable with yourself and your life. And that is about as good as it gets, really.
Go big or go home. Because it's true. What do you have to lose?
Who would have thought that a tap-dancing penguin would outpoint James Bond at the box office? And deserve to? Not that there's anything wrong with 'Casino Royale.' But 'Happy Feet' - written and directed by George Miller - is a complete charmer, even if, in the way of most family fare, it can't resist straying into the Inspirational.
The only true measure of success is the ratio between what we might have done and what we might have been on the one hand, and the thing we have made and the things we have made of ourselves on the other.
The more things you do, the more you can do.
Success to me is having ten honeydew melons and eating only the top half of each slice.
You'll never convince me there is a hopeless situation or there is any finality in any success or any failure.
To burn always with this hard, gem-like flame, to maintain this ecstasy, is success in life.
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.
Never retreat. Never explain. Get it done and let them howl.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
President Obama called for a 'we' nation in his Inauguration Address. Art convenes. It is not just inspirational. It is aspirational. It pricks the walls of our compartmentalized minds, opens our hearts and makes us brave. And that's what we need most in our country today.
Success is due to our stretching to the challenges of life. Failure comes when we shrink from them.
It is the hopeful, buoyant, cheerful attitude of mind that wins. Optimism is a success builder; pessimism an achievement killer.
It's hard for a man to live with a successful woman - they seem to resent you so much. Very few men are generous enough to accept success in their women.
A minute's success pays the failure of years.
You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals.
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.
Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good.
That's the key to success, isn't it? It has to be fun.
I don't think about financial success as the measurement of my success.
Hope is a state of mind, not of the world. Hope, in this deep and powerful sense, is not the same as joy that things are going well, or willingness to invest in enterprises that are obviously heading for success, but rather an ability to work for something because it is good.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star.
It is a mistake to suppose that men succeed through success; they much oftener succeed through failures. Precept, study, advice, and example could never have taught them so well as failure has done.
Success is counted sweetest by those who never succeed.
Success is dependent upon the glands - sweat glands.
Success is the one unpardonable sin against our fellows.
For me, success is a state of mind. I feel like success isn't about conquering something; it's being happy with who you are.
It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.
More power than all the success slogans ever penned by human hand is the realization for every man that he has but one boss. That boss is the man - he - himself.
Success is not only one thing. It's not only having a nice house in Beverly Hills and driving a nice Mercedes.
Hopefully, when people see 'Senna', they will understand why this inspirational story needed to be told, why it had to be made as a movie for the big screen, and why it is a film for everyone.
Almost every college playwright or sketch or improv comedian was sort of aware of Christopher Durang - even kids in high school. His short plays were so accessible to younger people and I think that was inspirational to me.
Happiness must happen, and the same holds for success: you have to let it happen by not caring about it.
If you wish to be a success in the world, promise everything, deliver nothing.
I do not think there is any thrill that can go through the human heart like that felt by the inventor as he sees some creation of the brain unfolding to success... such emotions make a man forget food, sleep, friends, love, everything.
The more tranquil a man becomes, the greater is his success, his influence, his power for good. Calmness of mind is one of the beautiful jewels of wisdom.
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be.
I have a tendency to sabotage relationships; I have a tendency to sabotage everything. Fear of success, fear of failure, fear of being afraid. Useless, good-for-nothing thoughts.
I'm not going to get somewhere and say, 'OK, I'm done.' Success is never final; I'll just keep on going. The same way as failure never being fatal. Just keep going. I'm going to the stars and then past them.
Get action. Seize the moment. Man was never intended to become an oyster.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
Marvin's Motivational Moments actually started as something that was actually therapeutic for me. I would sit up late at night after my wife passed trying to adjust to being alone.
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
Our subliminal mental processes operate outside awareness because they arise in these portions of our mind that are inaccessible to our conscious self; their inaccessibility is due to the architecture of the brain rather than because they have been subject to Freudian motivational forces like repression.
Since we launched the original 'Pop Idol' in England, I've remained close with Simon Fuller. Working as executive producer on 'American idol' for its first seven years not only was an inspirational journey into the heart of American pop culture, it opened my eyes to the untapped potential of the incredibly dynamic young people in this world.
Success can make you go one of two ways. It can make you a prima donna - or it can smooth the edges, take away the insecurities, let the nice things come out.
We don't have a divine right to success. So I agree with a lot of politicians out there when they say, 'We've got serious issues.' We do: immigration, infrastructure. I think income inequality's one of them.
Academic success depends on research and publications.
Success is a science; if you have the conditions, you get the result.
Well, I think that there's a very thin dividing line between success and failure. And I think if you start a business without financial backing, you're likely to go the wrong side of that dividing line.
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.
Work will win when wishy washy wishing won t.
You know you've reached true success the day you become truly humble. That's the day you stop needing to prove to the world - and yourself - that you've accomplished something meaningful.
The central conservative truth is that it is culture, not politics, that determines the success of a society. The central liberal truth is that politics can change a culture and save it from itself.
The love of what you do, combined with your belief in what you do, will not determine your success. It will determine how hard you will work and how dedicated you will be to achieving it. Success just shows up from there.
Never complain and never explain.
I always say be humble but be firm. Humility and openness are the key to success without compromising your beliefs.
The art of effective listening is essential to clear communication, and clear communication is necessary to management success.
I arise full of eagerness and energy, knowing well what achievement lies ahead of me.
Honesty is the most single most important factor having a direct bearing on the final success of an individual, corporation, or product.
I was successful materially, but I know life is much more than worldly success. I saw all these blessings God had given me. The way to give thanks is obedience to God.
I am fully aware that everybody has a right to succeed, and success should be with ethics.
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
Hope... is the companion of power, and the mother of success; for who so hopes has within him the gift of miracles.
Success comes from taking the initiative and following up... persisting... eloquently expressing the depth of your love. What simple action could you take today to produce a new momentum toward success in your life?
We can come to look upon the deaths of our enemies with as much regret as we feel for those of our friends, namely, when we miss their existence as witnesses to our success.
Whether a party can have much success without a woman present I must ask others to decide, but one thing is certain, no party is any fun unless seasoned with folly.
It is not ignorance but knowledge which is the mother of wonder.
Success depends in a very large measure upon individual initiative and exertion, and cannot be achieved except by a dint of hard work.
One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals.
We were all born with a certain degree of power. The key to success is discovering this innate power and using it daily to deal with whatever challenges come our way.
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.
You were designed for accomplishment, engineered for success, and endowed with the seeds of greatness.
Perseverance - a lowly virtue whereby mediocrity achieves an inglorious success.
About the only problem with success is that it does not teach you how to deal with failure.
Education is the key to success in life, and teachers make a lasting impact in the lives of their students.
Where there is a will, there is a way. If there is a chance in a million that you can do something, anything, to keep what you want from ending, do it. Pry the door open or, if need be, wedge your foot in that door and keep it open.
Passion is what gives meaning to our lives. It's what allows us to achieve success beyond our wildest imagination. Try to find a career path that you have a passion for.
Men must live and create. Live to the point of tears.
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.
I said to the almond tree, 'Friend, speak to me of God,' and the almond tree blossomed.
Follow your inner moonlight; don't hide the madness.
In my forties, my optimism was boundless. I had really good health and tremendous success which allowed me to do anything I wanted.
Evolution acts slowly. Our psychological characteristics today are those that promoted reproductive success in the ancestral environment.
The level of our success is limited only by our imagination and no act of kindness, however small, is ever wasted.
I look at where I'm at today and realize that most of my success is owed to the mentors that was in my life.
In all our deeds, the proper value and respect for time determines success or failure.
Earl Nightingale has inspired more people toward success and fortune than any other motivational speaker on the planet.
My proudest achievement has been the success of the shows and artists I have been involved with, because they were made in Britain.
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.
I don't dislike rappers or hip-hop or people who like it. I went to the Def Jam tour in Manchester in the '80s when rap was inspirational. Public Enemy were awesome. But it's all about status and bling now, and it doesn't say anything to me.
The things that we love tell us what we are.
I come to win.
Never mind what others do; do better than yourself, beat your own record from day to day, and you are a success.
Writers, as they gain success, feel like outsiders because writers don't come together in real groups.
True success, true happiness lies in freedom and fulfillment.
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.
I don't know what it's like to have a typical father figure. He's not the dad who's going to take me to the beach and go swimming, but he's such a motivational person.
The success of the Rat Pack or the Clan was due to the camaraderie, the three guys who work together and kid each other and love each other.
Finding good partners is the key to success in anything: in business, in marriage and, especially, in investing.
The single most important thing in a child's performance is the quality of the teacher. Making sure a child spends the maximum amount of time with inspirational teachers is the most important thing.
Success is usually the culmination of controlling failure.
Microsoft has had two goals in the last 10 years. One was to copy the Mac, and the other was to copy Lotus' success in the spreadsheet - basically, the applications business. And over the course of the last 10 years, Microsoft accomplished both of those goals. And now they are completely lost.
The one phrase you can use is that success has a thousand fathers, and failure is an orphan.
It seems to me we can never give up longing and wishing while we are thoroughly alive. There are certain things we feel to be beautiful and good, and we must hunger after them.
Everything you want is out there waiting for you to ask. Everything you want also wants you. But you have to take action to get it.
Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure.
Achievement is not always success, while reputed failure often is. It is honest endeavor, persistent effort to do the best possible under any and all circumstances.
The flow of Guiness into the studio was inspirational as well as nutritive.
The hardships that I encountered in the past will help me succeed in the future.
Lady Gaga is the present and the future. She is the most revolutionary and inspirational artist. She is fearless and daring.
Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting.
The making of friends who are real friends, is the best token we have of a man's success in life.
Desire is the most important factor in the success of any athlete.
Success is the American Dream. And that success is not something to be ashamed of, or to demonize.
From my tribe I take nothing, I am the maker of my own fortune.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.
People seldom see the halting and painful steps by which the most insignificant success is achieved.
The ultimate aim of the ego is not to see something, but to be something.
A strong passion for any object will ensure success, for the desire of the end will point out the means.
From its brilliancy everything is illuminated.
Things that look like an 'overnight success' typically are not.
You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing.
Out of difficulties grow miracles.
I really believe that everyone has a talent, ability, or skill that he can mine to support himself and to succeed in life.
I love those who yearn for the impossible.
I'm a bit of a P. T. Barnum. I make stars out of everyone.
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
When it comes to social consequences, they've got all different people acting in different ways, very difficult to even have a proper criterion of success. So, it's a difficult task.
All of us are born for a reason, but all of us don't discover why. Success in life has nothing to do with what you gain in life or accomplish for yourself. It's what you do for others.
Sport is something that is very inspirational for young people.
When people stand up and talk about the great success that the EU has been, I'm not sure anybody saying it really believes it themselves anymore.
Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it.
The five essential entrepreneurial skills for success: Concentration, Discrimination, Organization, Innovation and Communication.
Fortune befriends the bold.
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
There is never just one thing that leads to success for anyone. I feel it always a combination of passion, dedication, hard work, and being in the right place at the right time.
Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control: now.
Success didn't spoil me, I've always been insufferable.
You never know what motivates you.
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other.
It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.
One needs more than ambition and talent to make a success of anything, really. There must be love and a vocation.
Each success only buys an admission ticket to a more difficult problem.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
Success is not a matter of mastering subtle, sophisticated theory but rather of embracing common sense with uncommon levels of discipline and persistence.
Real success is not, like, materialistic. It's being where you want to be when you want to be; just living your life how you feel; having an ultimate goal and being able to accomplish it.
Humor has bailed me out of more tight situations than I can think of. If you go with your instincts and keep your humor, creativity follows. With luck, success comes, too.
Success is neither magical nor mysterious. Success is the natural consequence of consistently applying the basic fundamentals.
Sudden success in golf is like the sudden acquisition of wealth. It is apt to unsettle and deteriorate the character.
Singleness of purpose is one of the chief essentials for success in life, no matter what may be one's aim.
It's a special person - and personality - who can lead a start-up to soaring success and sustain that success for the long term. Apple co-founder Steve Jobs and Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg are star examples.
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.
Success and failure are both part of life. Both are not permanent.
The success of any great moral enterprise does not depend upon numbers.
If my writing comes to a halt, I head to the shops: I find them very inspirational. And if I get into real trouble with my plot, I go out for a pizza with my husband.
You are loved just for being who you are, just for existing. You don't have to do anything to earn it. Your shortcomings, your lack of self-esteem, physical perfection, or social and economic success - none of that matters. No one can take this love away from you, and it will always be here.
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure - which is: Try to please everybody.
My father, Oliver Hynes, was an educator. He was originally just a teacher, a very good one, but then he was promoted to be in charge of education for the entire area. He was always an inspirational teacher. He was my big personal supporter, always coming here for the Tony Awards. My mother, Carmel, was a homemaker.
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.
Success is like reaching an important birthday and finding you're exactly the same.
Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp, Or what's a heaven for?
The optimist underestimates how difficult it is to achieve real change, believing that anything is possible and it's possible now. Only by confronting head-on the reality that all progress is going to be obstructed by vested interests and corrupted by human venality can we create realistic programmes that actually have a chance of success.
A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself.
As you walk in God's divine wisdom, you will surely begin to see a greater measure of victory and good success in your life.
The only journey is the one within.
Therefore, if one were to consider that there was virtually no possibility of success through the US-Japan negotiations, the military and economic pressures would only force Japan into further crisis if time were allowed to pass in vain.
I believe in living today. Not in yesterday, nor in tomorrow.
The power of imagination makes us infinite.
Either move or be moved.
I don't want to be married to someone who feels inferior to my success or because I make more money than he does.
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece.
I believe it is in my nature to dance by virtue of the beat of my heart, the pulse of my blood and the music in my mind.
Whether you're successful or not, you'll never actually feel the joys of accomplishment unless you love yourself. Success can be very difficult to deal with. You have to stay in the center. If you let your success define you, then you're really just setting yourself up for failure.
Diligence is the mother of good fortune.
I'm always asked, 'What's the secret to success?' But there are no secrets. Be humble. Be hungry. And always be the hardest worker in the room.
Success isn't always going to be a huge contract; success is going to be if you just live out your purpose in life.
Our success as a global brand has been directly related to how we select locations where we are confident our particular clients desire to be. Los Cabos, Mexico is the ideal Engel & Volkers market, growing in popularity among world luxury travelers seeking exceptional properties for second home opportunities.
My goal in coming to General Motors was to help restore profitability, build a strong market position and position this iconic company for success. We are clearly on that path.
Your ordinary acts of love and hope point to the extraordinary promise that every human life is of inestimable value.
Success isn't always about greatness. It's about consistency. Consistent hard work leads to success. Greatness will come.
Success is not to be pursued; it is to be attracted by the person you become.
It is always the simple that produces the marvelous.
Be not entangled in this world of days and nights; Thou hast another time and space as well.
The negative side of the American Dream comes when people pursue success at any cost, which in turn destroys the vision and the dream.
We have it in our power to begin the world over again.
Be thine own palace, or the world's thy jail.
We're born with success. It is only others who point out our failures, and what they attribute to us as failure.
Too many people measure how successful they are by how much money they make or the people that they associate with. In my opinion, true success should be measured by how happy you are.
Overcoming fear is the first step to success for entrepreneurs. The winners all exemplify that, and the hard work and commitment they have shown underlines what is needed to set up a business.
In most things success depends on knowing how long it takes to succeed.
Success is getting and achieving what you want. Happiness is wanting and being content with what you get.
Fame or perceived success - it all comes from groupthink.
Success is not built on success. It's built on failure. It's built on frustration. Sometimes its built on catastrophe.
Do whatever you do intensely.
The essential element of successful strategy is that it derives its success from the differences between competitors with a consequent difference in their behavior.
I think you can have moderate success by copying something else, but if you really want to knock it out of the park, you have to do something different and take chances.
Success in management requires learning as fast as the world is changing.
Don't give up. Don't lose hope. Don't sell out.
Instead of this confusion, we need the unifying force of an official language, English, which is the language of success in America.
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal. My strength lies solely in my tenacity.
You wanna know what scares people? Success. When you don't make moves and when you don't climb up the ladder, everybody loves you because you're not competition.
The Patriot Act is essential to our continued success in the war on terror here at home.
It really is an honor if I can be inspirational to a younger singer or person. It means I've done my job.
You change your life by changing your heart.
Reading was very important to me as a kid. It was very inspirational to me. I went to a school where that wasn't encouraged so much, but my parents encouraged that, and it has made me part of who I am.
In oneself lies the whole world and if you know how to look and learn, the door is there and the key is in your hand. Nobody on earth can give you either the key or the door to open, except yourself.
No matter how many goals you have achieved, you must set your sights on a higher one.
Success is the sum of small efforts - repeated day in and day out.
Success makes men rigid and they tend to exalt stability over all the other virtues; tired of the effort of willing they become fanatics about conservatism.
There is probably a perverse pride in my administration... that we were going to do the right thing, even if short-term it was unpopular. And I think anybody who's occupied this office has to remember that success is determined by an intersection in policy and politics and that you can't be neglecting of marketing and P.R. and public opinion.
Obedience brings success; exact obedience brings miracles.
Your success story is a bigger story than whatever you're trying to say on stage. Success makes life easier. It doesn't make living easier.
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large.
Yes I have made a lot of money and I have a lot of respect, my films have done well, and I know there are loads of loads of people who look up to me and really love me. I really just thought this is like a strange dream. I have never thought this is a success - I don't have a standard.
Before anything else, preparation is the key to success.
There have been many different artists that have been inspirational. I suppose the question is directed to what was the reason why I went into fantasy illustration.
Desire is the key to motivation, but it's the determination and commitment to unrelenting pursuit of your goal - a commitment to excellence - that will enable you to attain the success you seek.
Success to me is being a good person, treating people well.
One may miss the mark by aiming too high as too low.
The most glorious moments in your life are not the so-called days of success, but rather those days when out of dejection and despair you feel rise in you a challenge to life, and the promise of future accomplishments.
A champion is someone who gets up when he can't.
Inside, I've got a real purist desire and dream about the music. I like the idea of being able to carve out a kind of magical, colourful, artistic, inspirational life. And the reality just turns out to be quite different, working with the business to bring this thing you have created into the world.
In inner-city, low-income communities of color, there's such a high correlation in terms of educational quality and success.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
Space is an inspirational concept that allows you to dream big.
Hitch your wagon to a star.
Success is always temporary. When all is said and one, the only thing you'll have left is your character.
There is simply no substitute for hard work when it comes to achieving success.
I will always desire to play with Bruce Springsteen. He's the most inspirational, most dedicated, most committed and most focused artist I've ever seen. I like to be around people like that.
Personally, I can't see the appeal in trekking down to D.C. for a networking extravaganza, even if it is built around a special moment in American history. While I find the election of Barack Obama inspirational, I don't have a desire to memorialize it with overly effusive celebration.
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree.
The only thing that ultimately matters is to eat an ice-cream cone, play a slide trombone, plant a small tree, good God, now you're free.
Whatever ought to be, can be.
The measure of success is happiness and peace of mind.
As long as I'm not selling out the people that ride or die with me, I'm glad I'm not an MC. I'm a motivational speaker. I'm not that rapper dude.
Look at a football field. It looks like a big movie screen. This is theatre. Football combines the strategy of chess. It's part ballet. It's part battleground, part playground. We clarify, amplify and glorify the game with our footage, the narration and that music, and in the end create an inspirational piece of footage.
A person with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds.
It is only in sorrow bad weather masters us; in joy we face the storm and defy it.
The only way to permanently change the temperature in the room is to reset the thermostat. In the same way, the only way to change your level of financial success 'permanently' is to reset your financial thermostat. But it is your choice whether you choose to change.
As my family story shows, Latinos have been a blessing for USA for many generations. The future of America depends in part on the success of the Latino community, and this opportunity is just one more signifier of that.
My success has been something I've worked a long time at and it's been a gradual process. I compare it to the idea of someone losing a lot of weight over a period of a few years. You don't really notice the weight loss overall but if you compare photos from then and now there's a big difference.
I grew up in a very spiritual home in a Liberty City neighborhood of Miami, FL. I was raised in the church, and my mother was a very inspirational person in my life.
You take all the things that frighten you, and when you can get them to work for you all of sudden people are calling you a success.
Do something you really like, and hopefully it pays the rent. As far as I'm concerned, that's success.
Success produces confidence; confidence relaxes industry, and negligence ruins the reputation which accuracy had raised.
Post-operatively the transplanted kidney functioned immediately with a dramatic improvement in the patient's renal and cardiopulmonary status. This spectacular success was a clear demonstration that organ transplantation could be life-saving.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
I'm not a defender of old or new football managers. I believe in good ones and bad ones, those that achieve success and those that don't.
Success is not assured, but America is resolute: this is the best chance for peace we are likely to see for some years to come - and we are acting to help Israelis and Palestinians seize this chance.
What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
The key to success is action, and the essential in action is perseverance.
We know from research that growth is actually contagious, so if you want to reach your goals, you've got to get around people that are going in the same direction you want to be going, and you will catch the success.
A graduation ceremony is an event where the commencement speaker tells thousands of students dressed in identical caps and gowns that 'individuality' is the key to success.
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.
One of the things that I did before I ran for president is I was a professional speaker. Not a motivational speaker - an inspirational speaker. Motivation comes from within. You have to be inspired. That's what I do. I inspire people, I inspire the public, I inspire my staff. I inspired the organizations I took over to want to succeed.
Success breeds success.
Success in the majority of circumstances depends on knowing how long it takes to succeed.
I have learned that success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has had to overcome while trying to succeed.
There is no force like success, and that is why the individual makes all effort to surround himself throughout life with the evidence of it; as of the individual, so should it be of the nation.
In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time.
The turning point was when I hit my 30th birthday. I thought, if really want to write, it's time to start. I picked up the book How to Write a Novel in 90 Days. The author said to just write three pages a day, and I figured, I can do this. I never got past Page 3 of that book.
If I had permitted my failures, or what seemed to me at the time a lack of success, to discourage me I cannot see any way in which I would ever have made progress.
I believe that being successful means having a balance of success stories across the many areas of your life. You can't truly be considered successful in your business life if your home life is in shambles.
I've been known to write 10 pages a day for 10 days running before I take a breath. I am not a disciplined writer. I'm one of those people who laughingly call themselves inspirational writers, which basically means someone who has no control over their own creative process.
What material success does is provide you with the ability to concentrate on other things that really matter. And that is being able to make a difference, not only in your own life, but in other people's lives.
To love means loving the unlovable. To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless.
We are here to make another world.
If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success.
The person who makes a success of living is the one who sees his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly.
In the United States, I am a great success, but I am not a celebrity.
The fame of heroes owes little to the extent of their conquests and all to the success of the tributes paid to them.
Without failure there is no sweetness in success. There's no understanding of it.
What we need is more people who specialize in the impossible.
Our ideals are our better selves.
Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace.
If there is any one secret of success, it lies in the ability to get the other person's point of view and see things from that person's angle as well as from your own.
Enthusiasm moves the world.
I found it interesting that as people become more technically oriented all over the world, at the same time people are becoming increasingly spiritual. The success of the Da Vinci code - even though it was a great yawn - also showed people's interest in religion.
Problems or successes, they all are the results of our own actions. Karma. The philosophy of action is that no one else is the giver of peace or happiness. One's own karma, one's own actions are responsible to come to bring either happiness or success or whatever.
The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success.
Socialism has no moral justification whatsoever; poor people are not morally superior to rich people, nor are they owed anything by rich people simply because of their lack of success. Charity is not a socialist concept - it is a religious one, an acknowledgment of God's sovereignty over property, a sovereignty the Left utterly rejects.
When you win, nothing hurts.
I'm extremely ambitious. I don't know why people are afraid to say that. I won't sell my soul to the devil, but I do want success and I don't think that's bad.
I view art as an inspirational tool.
March on. Do not tarry. To go forward is to move toward perfection. March on, and fear not the thorns, or the sharp stones on life's path.
A place for everything, everything in its place.
I was perceived to be a first- to third-rounder. I kind of had a tough junior year and fell to the fifth round. At that time, it was motivational.
I did an A Level in Theatre Studies and had a really inspirational teacher, and then I just went on to university.
Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you.
Be gentle to all and stern with yourself.
You simply have to put one foot in front of the other and keep going. Put blinders on and plow right ahead.
Almost no one is foolish enough to imagine that he automatically deserves great success in any field of activity; yet almost everyone believes that he automatically deserves success in marriage.
I dwell in possibility.
The greatest trap in our life is not success, popularity or power, but self-rejection.
If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
Dullness in matters of government is a good sign, and not a bad one - in particular, dullness in parliamentary government is a test of its excellence, an indication of its success.
How glorious a greeting the sun gives the mountains!
Growing up in a group home, and with an undiagnosed learning disability to boot, the odds of success were not on my side. But when I joined the high school football team, I learned the value of discipline, focus, persistence, and teamwork - all skills that have proven vital to my career as a C.E.O. and social entrepreneur.
Success is an absurd, erratic thing. She arrives when one least expects her and after she has come may depart again almost because of a whim.
The line between failure and success is so fine that we scarcely know when we pass it: so fine that we are often on the line and do not know it.
Success is falling nine times and getting up ten.
If you believe in yourself and have dedication and pride - and never quit, you'll be a winner. The price of victory is high but so are the rewards.
I know not age, nor weariness nor defeat.
Indomitable perseverance in a business, properly understood, always ensures ultimate success.
To begin, begin.
Let us remember: One book, one pen, one child, and one teacher can change the world.
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.
To be wholly devoted to some intellectual exercise is to have succeeded in life.
Never did a government commence under auspices so favorable, nor ever was success so complete.
No experience is a cause of success or failure. We do not suffer from the shock of our experiences, so-called trauma - but we make out of them just what suits our purposes.
I've had a lot of success; I've had failures, so I learn from the failure.
Our worldly successes cannot be guaranteed, but our ability to achieve spiritual success is entirely up to us, thanks to the grace of God. The best advice I know is to give is to give those worldly things your best but never your all - reserve the ultimate hope for the only one who can grant it.
Everyone here has the sense that right now is one of those moments when we are influencing the future.
Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence.
The most authentic thing about us is our capacity to create, to overcome, to endure, to transform, to love and to be greater than our suffering.
Countless as the sands of the sea are human passions.
Success isn't permanent and failure isn't fatal.
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.
We need to accept that the commandments of God aren't just a long list of good ideas. They aren't 'life hacks' from an Internet blog or motivational quotes from a Pinterest board.
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
The success of the young entrepreneur will be the key to India's transformation in the new millennium.
Nothing succeeds like success. Get a little success, and then just get a little more.
Those who cannot work with their hearts achieve but a hollow, half-hearted success that breeds bitterness all around.
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.
Anything that won't sell, I don't want to invent. Its sale is proof of utility, and utility is success.
Entrepreneurs can't forecast accurately, because they are trying something fundamentally new. So they will often be laughably behind plan - and on the brink of success.
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability.
Survival was my only hope, success my only revenge.
Only stupid people are changed by success.
The most important single ingredient in the formula of success is knowing how to get along with people.
If we get our self-esteem from superficial places, from our popularity, appearance, business success, financial situation, health, any of these, we will be disappointed, because no one can guarantee that we'll have them tomorrow.
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.
Hopefully I'll continue to have the success I've had.
Books are challenging and inspirational to me.
Hip-hop is more about attaining wealth. People respect success. They respect big. They don't even have to like your music. If you're big enough, people are drawn to you.
Sometimes we may ask God for success, and He gives us physical and mental stamina. We might plead for prosperity, and we receive enlarged perspective and increased patience, or we petition for growth and are blessed with the gift of grace. He may bestow upon us conviction and confidence as we strive to achieve worthy goals.
To these ideals which were instilled in me when I was a youth, I attribute in a large degree the success that was mine on the bicycle tracks of the world.
At the end of the day, the most overwhelming key to a child's success is the positive involvement of parents.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
I'm happy to be on a winning team. My individual success, that lasts for a short period of time. The success of being a part of the South, of Atlanta, which is now the hot bed of music, that's what's gonna last the longest. The fact that I contributed to planting our flag and moving music to my city, that's what I'm most proud of.
For success of any mission, it is necessary to have creative leadership. Creative leadership is vital for government, non-governmental organisations as well as for industries.
Real success is being totally indulgent about your own trip. You put your blinders on about the garbage and go full speed ahead.
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.
America is the most grandiose experiment the world has seen, but, I am afraid, it is not going to be a success.
When I meet with the founders of a new company, my advice is almost always, 'Do fewer things.' It's true of partnerships, marketing opportunities, anything that's taking up your time. The vast majority of things are distractions, and very few really matter to your success.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
You create your opportunities by asking for them.
Do your work with your whole heart, and you will succeed - there's so little competition.
We're in a situation where talented, motivated school leavers and graduates can send off a hundred CVs and not get a reply, and where a trip to the Job Centre is depressing rather than inspirational. And you know what, that just feels wrong.
There are glimpses of heaven to us in every act, or thought, or word, that raises us above ourselves.
When one side benefits more than the other, that's a win-lose situation. To the winner it might look like success for a while, but in the long run, it breeds resentment and distrust.
People think your success is just a matter of having a pretty face. But it's easy to be chewed up and spat out. You've got to stay ahead of the game to be able to stay in it.
I am an enthusiast, but not a crank in the sense that I have some pet theories as to the proper construction of a flying machine. I wish to avail myself of all that is already known and then, if possible, add my mite to help on the future worker who will attain final success.
I've always tried to go a step past wherever people expected me to end up.
The victor belongs to the spoils.
How easy to be amiable in the midst of happiness and success.
Enjoy your sweat because hard work doesn't guarantee success, but without it you don't have a chance.
I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed.
People of mediocre ability sometimes achieve outstanding success because they don't know when to quit. Most men succeed because they are determined to.
The person interested in success has to learn to view failure as a healthy, inevitable part of the process of getting to the top.
The successful man doesn't use others, other people use the successful man, for above all the success is of service.
My career started young and I was really ambitious, and then I had success and I hung out with people who were much older. I think I might have been temporally misplaced, so I thought I was 40. It was a premature midlife crisis.
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around.
It's as if inside the White House the belief in Obama's inspirational charisma is still such that every time the ugliness of brute politics intrudes, it's a startling revelation.
When you see something that is technically sweet, you go ahead and do it and you argue about what to do about it only after you have had your technical success. That is the way it was with the atomic bomb.
I look forward to making tangible and inspirational contributions to the Houston Technology Center's initiatives. HTC is an engine behind Houston's and Texas' continued growth.
Mankind is made great or little by its own will.
Success comes to those who dedicate everything to their passion in life. To be successful, it is also very important to be humble and never let fame or money travel to your head.
I don't dwell on success. Maybe that's one reason I'm successful.
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you.
A human being has so many skins inside, covering the depths of the heart. We know so many things, but we don't know ourselves! Why, thirty or forty skins or hides, as thick and hard as an ox's or bear's, cover the soul. Go into your own ground and learn to know yourself there.
The most absurd and reckless aspirations have sometimes led to extraordinary success.
We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us.
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
I am stable when my private life is a success.
A critical factor in its success was that the X developers were willing to give the sources away for free in accordance with the hacker ethic, and able to distribute them over the Internet.
The key to accepting responsibility for your life is to accept the fact that your choices, every one of them, are leading you inexorably to either success or failure, however you define those terms.
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
Sustainability is the key to our survival on this planet and will also determine success on all levels.
This is just rap. I'm not trying to make people think I'm some sort of scientific wizard or inspirational poet.
Press forward. Do not stop, do not linger in your journey, but strive for the mark set before you.
Success for me its to raise happy, healthy human beings.
Look within. Within is the fountain of good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig.
Nothing recedes like success.
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves.
To be successful you have to be lucky, or a little mad, or very talented, or find yourself in a rapid growth field.
I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.
The longer you hang in there, the greater the chance that something will happen in your favor. No matter how hard it seems, the longer you persist, the more likely your success.
To be successful, you have to have your heart in your business and your business in your heart.
I was motivated to be different in part because I was different.
God lets you be successful because he trusts you that you will do the right thing with it. Now, does he get disappointed often? All the time, because people get there and they forget how they got it.
Be yourself. Follow your instincts. Success depends, at least in part, on the ability to 'carry it off.'
A manager is a guide. He takes a group of people and says, 'With you I can make us a success; I can show you the way.'
Success is what you do with your ability. It's how you use your talent.
Focused, hard work is the real key to success. Keep your eyes on the goal, and just keep taking the next step towards completing it. If you aren't sure which way to do something, do it both ways and see which works better.
Just as you wouldn't leave the house without taking a shower, you shouldn't start the day without at least 10 minutes of sacred practice: prayer, meditation, inspirational reading.
I think it's real easy to be famous these days; it's not real easy to sustain success.
Shoot for the moon and if you miss you will still be among the stars.
We all learn lessons in life. Some stick, some don't. I have always learned more from rejection and failure than from acceptance and success.
A key to achieving success is to assemble a strong and stable management team.
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.
Be passionate and bold. Always keep learning. You stop doing useful things if you don't learn. So the last part to me is the key, especially if you have had some initial success. It becomes even more critical that you have the learning 'bit' always switched on.
You really have to work hard and apply yourself and by applying yourself and working hard and being diligent, you can achieve success.
Whatever success I may have attained is due to the fact that since I was old enough to work at all, my ambition has never deserted me.
Honesty is the cornerstone of all success, without which confidence and ability to perform shall cease to exist.
Learning and innovation go hand in hand. The arrogance of success is to think that what you did yesterday will be sufficient for tomorrow.
Set yourself earnestly to see what you are made to do, and then set yourself earnestly to do it.
If you ask me what I came into this life to do, I will tell you: I came to live out loud.
Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend to them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again.
I've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success.
A friend of mine said something powerful at his grandfather's funeral. He said that the greatest lesson from his grandfather's life was that he died empty, because he accomplished everything he wanted, with no regrets. I think that, along with leaving a legacy, would be the greatest sign of success.
The best form of flattery is to be admired, imitated or respected. I've always felt proud our fans look up to us or feel we are inspirational.
I believe that any type of education can be great, but an education about ourselves can create something wonderful. I am a comedian, but people have called me a motivational speaker. I don't really consider myself that at all.
How do you know you're going to do something, untill you do it?
Thought is the original source of all wealth, all success, all material gain, all great discoveries and inventions, and of all achievement.
I would like to wish the England squad every success. I would also very much like to extend those wishes to Martin Johnson, Brian Smith, Mike Ford, John Wells, Graham Rowntree and the rest of the England 2011 World Cup management team who have been fantastic and deserve people to know that.
When the sun is shining I can do anything; no mountain is too high, no trouble too difficult to overcome.
Success isn't measured by money or power or social rank. Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace.
Follow your dreams, work hard, practice and persevere. Make sure you eat a variety of foods, get plenty of exercise and maintain a healthy lifestyle.
All men's gains are the fruit of venturing.
The very first step towards success in any occupation is to become interested in it.
Before everything else, getting ready is the secret of success.
Coming to Nashville has been so motivating and inspirational. Just watching people live and breathe their music and create something that they can feel from start to finish.
I am decidedly of the opinion that in very many instances we can trace such a necessary connexion, especially among birds, and often with more complete success than in the case which I have here attempted to explain.
I'm thrilled to continue my partnership with U by Kotex for Generation Know while helping to empower girls. I've always been a motivational resource for my younger sisters and hope I can positively impact and inspire other young girls too.
The most beautiful thing in the world is, of course, the world itself.
My biggest success is getting over the things that have tried to destroy and take me out of this life. Those are my biggest successes. It has nothing to do with work.
You must do the things you think you cannot do.
Rockefeller once explained the secret of success. 'Get up early, work late - and strike oil.'
We crave instant success these days. If you are a really good sprinter and long jumper, you don't want to spend two or three years on a whole new set of events. You're used to doing well and it's difficult to give that up.
But the best teams I've encountered have one important thing in common: their team structure and processes cover a full range of distinct competencies necessary for success.
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.
I did stand-up comedy for 18 years. Ten of those years were spent learning, four years were spent refining, and four years were spent in wild success. I was seeking comic originality, and fame fell on me as a byproduct. The course was more plodding than heroic.
Well, the idea is that failure is an inevitable partner on the road to success and, if you're not willing to confront failure, you can never find out how good you are.
There are people who make things happen, there are people who watch things happen, and there are people who wonder what happened. To be successful, you need to be a person who makes things happen.
Success is achieved by developing our strengths, not by eliminating our weaknesses.
What is success? I think it is a mixture of having a flair for the thing that you are doing; knowing that it is not enough, that you have got to have hard work and a certain sense of purpose.
Action leads to Attention. that in the short-term releases Rewarding brain chemicals and in the long term improves reproductive success.
Every skill you acquire doubles your odds of success.
Success is when you see something, and you say, 'I want to do that,' and then you do it. It's being happy with what you do and doing what you love every day.
It's inspirational to see someone who is dying smile.
I'm not an inspirational quote kind of person.
I thank you God for this most amazing day, for the leaping greenly spirits of trees, and for the blue dream of sky and for everything which is natural, which is infinite, which is yes.
I want anyone who believes in life, liberty, pursuit of happiness to succeed. And I want any force, any person, any element of an overarching Big Government that would stop your success, I want that organization, that element or that person to fail. I want you to succeed.
I have amazing friends who have led inspirational lives.
My powers are ordinary. Only my application brings me success.
Success is little more than a chemical compound of man with moment.
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us.
You have reached the pinnacle of success as soon as you become uninterested in money, compliments, or publicity.
The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.
Crave for a thing, you will get it. Renounce the craving, the object will follow you by itself.
To be prepared is half the victory.
Give me a couple of years, and I'll make that actress an overnight success.
It will, of course, be understood that directly or indirectly, soon or late, every advance in the sciences of human nature will contribute to our success in controlling human nature and changing it to the advantage of the common weal.
Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure.
I'm not really easy to live with! There needs to be unlimited patience and unconditional love. Men I've known before loved my independent spirit and were proud of my success, to the point that they'd become jealous of the time I devote to my career.
Always continue the climb. It is possible for you to do whatever you choose, if you first get to know who you are and are willing to work with a power that is greater than ourselves to do it.
Most success springs from an obstacle or failure. I became a cartoonist largely because I failed in my goal of becoming a successful executive.
A government for the people must depend for its success on the intelligence, the morality, the justice, and the interest of the people themselves.
My mind's my kingdom.
Currently, only 70 percent of our high school students earn diplomas with their peers, and less than one-third of our high school students graduate prepared for success in a four-year college.
Every song you're trying to find something that going to connect in different ways but for me the songs that I'm really drawn to are inspirational, songs that lift you and that everybody can relate to no matter where you're from.
The first principle of success is desire - knowing what you want. Desire is the planting of your seed.
My initial goal for the 1984 opening ceremonies was a show that would be majestic, inspirational, and emotional - a 20 goosebump experience.
Nothing is worth more than this day.
When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
Thus they have an idol that they petition for victory in war; another for success in their labors; and so for everything in which they seek or desire prosperity, they have their idols, which they honor and serve.
It's the steady, quiet, plodding ones who win in the lifelong race.
The success of each of us benefits us all, and the success of us all benefits each of us individually.
Let us realize that: the privilege to work is a gift, the power to work is a blessing, the love of work is success!
Set your sights high, the higher the better. Expect the most wonderful things to happen, not in the future but right now. Realize that nothing is too good. Allow absolutely nothing to hamper you or hold you up in any way.
Super-ambitious goals tend to be unifying and energizing to people; but only if they believe there's a chance of success.
Your attitude will go a long way in determining your success, your recognition, your reputation and your enjoyment in being a lawyer.
Life is a series of punches. It presents a lot of challenges. It presents a lot of hardship, but the people that are able to take those punches and able to move forward are the ones that really do have a lot of success and have a lot of joy in their life and have a lot of stories to tell, too.
If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away.
I want to see success right away. And I want to never give up, never stop.
The path from dreams to success does exist. May you have the vision to find it, the courage to get on to it, and the perseverance to follow it.
I realized I love motivating and I love empowering and I love inspiring people. I did that as an athlete for 18 years, and I am able to do that as a motivational speaker now as well as doing work on television.
I think being directed and mentored by someone as inspirational as Paul Feig not only improves my performance but, as a whole, makes it what it is.
Every exit is an entry somewhere else.
Our purpose in Vietnam is to prevent the success of aggression. It is not conquest, it is not empire, it is not foreign bases, it is not domination. It is, simply put, just to prevent the forceful conquest of South Vietnam by North Vietnam.
We live in a world of constant juxtaposition between joy that's possible and pain that's all too common. We hope for love and success and abundance, but we never quite forget that there is always lurking the possibility of disaster.
A goal is a dream with a deadline.
I get invited to many more literary festivals than I used to because I'm associated with 'Slumdog Millionaire,' the brand. Many more doors have opened up for me as a result of the global success of the film, although I believe that I'm the same person that existed before it.
I remember one day sitting at the pool and suddenly the tears were streaming down my cheeks. Why was I so unhappy? I had success. I had security. But it wasn't enough. I was exploding inside.
Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are your ready?'
I've been blessed to be somebody that's been climbing that success mountain top for years of hard work, you know, but now it's all connecting. And now, the whole world is watching, you know what I'm saying, and it feels good 'cause it's good energy. This is all positive vibes, and good vibes and good energy, so it feels incredible.
George loves the T Rex because it's the noisiest and the scariest.
Failures, repeated failures, are finger posts on the road to achievement. One fails forward toward success.
The most important thing is being passionate about what you're doing and always give it your all. That is the key to success.
When I grew up here, there was no T-Hub. Probably, the closest to T was the Tank bund.
Possessed with a full confidence of the certain success which British valor must gain over such enemies, I have led you up these steep and dangerous rocks, only solicitous to show you the foe within your reach.
Success is almost totally dependent upon drive and persistence. The extra energy required to make another effort or try another approach is the secret of winning.
A long apprenticeship is the most logical way to success. The only alternative is overnight stardom, but I can't give you a formula for that.
Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort.
Success is achieved and maintained by those who try and keep trying.
The truth is on the march and nothing will stop it.
'All in With Laila Ali' is educational, inspirational, compelling programming profiling individuals that have reached for the sky, pushed themselves to the limit and did things that you would think were impossible.
We sing inspirational songs, songs of praise and worship, and about how good and how big God is. We are magnifying the Lord.
Whatever success I've had, I always like to top it.
I think that when we have a better educated society, when there is less violence in our cities, when people get back into the workforce and have the opportunity to take care of themselves and their families - that for me really is the kind of success and the kind of America that I think most of us still want, we aspire to.
Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
I love a lot of the New York bands, but Patti Smith stands out. I just read 'Just Kids' and it's an inspirational, well-written account of an emerging New York artist in the late seventies.
The size of your success is measured by the strength of your desire; the size of your dream; and how you handle disappointment along the way.
Success comes in waves.
The handicap of deafness is not in the ear; it is in the mind.
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
Plant thy foot firmly in the prints which His foot has made before thee.
Obstacles are necessary for success because in selling, as in all careers of importance, victory comes only after many struggles and countless defeats.
Make treating yourself a priority and always remember your life is happening now. Don't put off all your dreams and pleasures to another day. In any balanced personal definition of success there has to be a powerful element of living life in the present.
The only yardstick for success our society has is being a champion. No one remembers anything else.
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
If you want to increase your success rate, double your failure rate.
Find out who you are and be that person. That's what your soul was put on this Earth to be. Find that truth, live that truth and everything else will come.
The man who has done his level best... is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure.
Teachers need to be more inspirational. But it's also up to engineering to make itself more interesting.
Every day of my life I walk with the idea that I am black, no matter how successful I am. And our success is tempered by that; you're successful in this way given the fact you are black, and most blacks don't get to that point.
The only question to ask yourself is, how much are you willing to sacrifice to achieve this success?
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.
Typically, if you reward something, you get more of it. You punish something, you get less of it. And our businesses have been built for the last 150 years very much on that kind of motivational scheme.
Success is all about persistence and doing the right thing for the long term.
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit.
Give light, and the darkness will disappear of itself.
Success comes when people act together; failure tends to happen alone.
You may lose your wife, you may lose your dog, your mother may hate you. None of those things matter. What matters is that you achieve success and become free. Then you can do whatever you like.
Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning.
My definition of success is to live your life in a way that causes you to feel a ton of pleasure and very little pain - and because of your lifestyle, have the people around you feel a lot more pleasure than they do pain.
I never could have achieved the success that I have without setting physical activity and health goals.
I would probably work with Drake as he is massively inspirational to me as a writer as well as an artist. If not him, then Susan Boyle!
I find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success.
Know or listen to those who know.
Rap music's been around for too long now to be inspirational. The words are, but the music isn't.
Grace is the beauty of form under the influence of freedom.
Each day provides its own gifts.
No skill shapes a child's future success in school or in life more than the ability to read.
The chief executive officer is also the chief sales officer. He or she is responsible for the success of the company and making a profit. The closer the CEO is to the everyday selling process, bringing in business, the more successful the company will become.
A champion is afraid of losing. Everyone else is afraid of winning.
Find a good teacher that will keep the game fun. Work hard and don't be afraid to have success or disappointment. That is what golf is all about.
I am deliberate and afraid of nothing.
Forward, as occasion offers. Never look round to see whether any shall note it... Be satisfied with success in even the smallest matter, and think that even such a result is no trifle.
I hate to be a failure. I hate and regret the failure of my marriages. I would gladly give all my millions for just one lasting marital success.
The bird is powered by its own life and by its motivation.
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.
If you wish to succeed in life, make perseverance your bosom friend, experience your wise counselor, caution your elder brother, and hope your guardian genius.
When Maurice touched a keyboard, it was like something from a movie, magical. He would always give you something from a movie, and you'd go, what did you just play... immediately inspirational writings, amazing. That's what we're going to miss.
Our daily decisions and habits have a huge impact upon both our levels of happiness and success.
Never give in and never give up.
People repeat behaviour that leads to flooding their brains with pleasurable chemicals. The short-term reward loop acts over hours to years, and the long-term reproductive success loop over generations.
Success is often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.
Success is peace of mind which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you did your best to become the best you are capable of becoming.
Giving back, doing motivational speeches and stuff like that, that's always made me feel good. If you repeatedly go out there, and you are the change that you want to see, then that's what you are.
Integrity is so perishable in the summer months of success.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
I don't take success and failure seriously. The only thing I do seriously is march forward. If I fall, I get up and march again.
Ideas shape the course of history.
The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money.
No student ever attains very eminent success by simply doing what is required of him: it is the amount and excellence of what is over and above the required, that determines the greatness of ultimate distinction.
In a balanced organization, working towards a common objective, there is success.
It is true that the aristocracies seem to have abused their monopoly of legal knowledge; and at all events their exclusive possession of the law was a formidable impediment to the success of those popular movements which began to be universal in the western world.
Poverty was the greatest motivating factor in my life.
I have more love, success, and security than I could ever dream of.
Deacon Jones has been the most inspirational person in my football career.
And above all things, never think that you're not good enough yourself. A man should never think that. My belief is that in life people will take you at your own reckoning.
Success is the sum of details.
Things do not happen. Things are made to happen.
That some achieve great success, is proof to all that others can achieve it as well.
Four years of football are calculated to breed in the average man more of the ingredients of success in life than almost any academic course he takes.
I think Spain will always remain inspirational, and I think French cuisine will continue to be very French and yet very relevant with its time and keep evolving. But the last thing you want for it is to become too trendy and confusing. It has too much history.
Be Impeccable With Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
But I like not these great success of yours; for I know how jealous are the gods.
I had an inspirational teacher at my junior school: Peter Nixon. He was enthusiastic, knowledgeable and slightly scary - a good combination for a teacher.
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.
Thinking: the talking of the soul with itself.
Once you agree upon the price you and your family must pay for success, it enables you to ignore the minor hurts, the opponent's pressure, and the temporary failures.
My goal in my career is to inspire people, is to get my music out there and have people enjoy it, and have people think of me as an inspirational artist.
First-person narrators is the way I know how to write a book with the greatest power and chance of artistic success.
Focus on being balanced - success is balance.
We are taught you must blame your father, your sisters, your brothers, the school, the teachers - but never blame yourself. It's never your fault. But it's always your fault, because if you wanted to change you're the one who has got to change.
Don't limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve.
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.
Temporary success can be achieved in spite of lack of other fundamental qualities, but no advancements can be maintained without hard work.
Even when disco went out, I could still make hits. Once I had so much success, every idea became concentrated. I had so much confidence. I knew how the bass should sound, what rhythms would work. The tempos I knew: 110 to 120 BPM. I knew they would dance in the clubs in New York or anywhere.
Do you remember any instance where tyranny was destroyed and freedom established on its ruins, among a people possessing so small a share of virtue and public spirit? I recollect none, and this more than the British arms makes me fearful of final success, without a reform.
Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.
Entrepreneurship is like a computer game in which you have to master every level before achieving success. Startups repeatedly stumble and have to go back to the drawing board. The best way to skip some levels and to increase the odds of survival is to learn from others who have already played the game.
By now, you've probably caught on to something: my mother is always standing by with just the right Scripture or inspirational saying to get me through any tough situation.
No one who achieves success does so without acknowledging the help of others. The wise and confident acknowledge this help with gratitude.
Honesty and loyalty are key. If two people can be honest with each other about everything, that's probably the biggest key to success.
I think the end goal, hopefully, is to take advantage of the attention I've gotten along the way and use it for good and build some communities, and as I get older I can continue to do things and be surrounded by things that are inspirational to me.
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky.
It's our nature: Human beings like success but they hate successful people.
There's no one particular road that will lead you to success. I think everybody will find it differently.
Success is about enjoying what you have and where you are, while pursuing achievable goals.
The three ordinary things that we often don't pay enough attention to, but which I believe are the drivers of all success, are hard work, perseverance, and basic honesty.
Failure is the key to success; each mistake teaches us something.
Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming.
Change can either challenge or threaten us. Your beliefs pave your way to success or block you.
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.
The key to success is to keep growing in all areas of life - mental, emotional, spiritual, as well as physical.
It's both rebellion and conformity that attack you with success.
I like motivational books, because I like the go-getting American spirit - your destiny is in your own hands, life is what you make it, don't accept your limitations, jump before you're pushed, leap before you look.
I believe that if one always looked at the skies, one would end up with wings.
Though I had success in my research both when I was mad and when I was not, eventually I felt that my work would be better respected if I thought and acted like a 'normal' person.
Benazir Bhutto was an inspirational leader and an inspirational woman.
Success is blocked by concentrating on it and planning for it... Success is shy - it won't come out while you're watching.
I wish the Peace Corps and its volunteers continued success and perseverance. We are grateful for their contributions to society and dedication to providing assistance where it is needed. May the Peace Corps continue its legacy of service, both at home and abroad.
We must walk consciously only part way toward our goal, and then leap in the dark to our success.
Ambition is the path to success, persistence is the vehicle you arrive in.
There is an immutable conflict at work in life and in business, a constant battle between peace and chaos. Neither can be mastered, but both can be influenced. How you go about that is the key to success.
The weeds keep multiplying in our garden, which is our mind ruled by fear. Rip them out and call them by name.
They succeed, because they think they can.
There is just a lot of creativity and theatricality in performers who happen to be gay. Maybe there's a success in numbers, so by the law of averages we are going to get these jobs.
Successful people breed success.
Think of yourself as on the threshold of unparalleled success. A whole, clear, glorious life lies before you. Achieve! Achieve!
I've done a lot of albums and I kinda know when I'm onto something that was inspirational for me to record and create, and this was one of those projects where I really enjoyed making the album.
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
One man cannot practice many arts with success.
You do not pay the price of success, you enjoy the price of success.
Procrastination is one of the most common and deadliest of diseases and its toll on success and happiness is heavy.
It's a moment that I'm after, a fleeting moment, but not a frozen moment.
Success is just being happy. And I try so many different things. I do a lot of different things. Because I think God has helped me to love myself. I know who God is, and I love God.
Whether you come from a council estate or a country estate, your success will be determined by your own confidence and fortitude.
Only those who have learned the power of sincere and selfless contribution experience life's deepest joy: true fulfillment.
After I won the Oscar, my salary doubled, my friends tripled, my children became more popular at school, my butcher made a pass at me, and my maid hit me up for a raise.
My store, Wine Library, outsells big national chains. How do you think we do it? It started with hustle. I always say that our success wasn't due to my hundreds of online videos about wine that went viral, but to the hours I spent talking to people online afterward, making connections and building relationships.
The funny thing about having all this so-called success is that behind it is a certain horrible emptiness.
The first and most important step toward success is the feeling that we can succeed.
I always like a woman in power in politics. I think they're pretty inspirational in terms of looks to begin with. It's very calculated.
It's not enough that I should succeed - others should fail.
The system that enables the most people to earn the most success is free enterprise, by matching up people's skills, interests, and abilities. In contrast, redistribution simply spreads money around. Even worse, it attenuates the ability to earn success by perverting economic incentives.
Never lose sight of the fact that the most important yardstick of your success will be how you treat other people - your family, friends, and coworkers, and even strangers you meet along the way.
Failures to heroic minds are the stepping stones to success.
The way a team plays as a whole determines its success. You may have the greatest bunch of individual stars in the world, but if they don't play together, the club won't be worth a dime.
When I ran the stock exchange, it was the most successful it's been in its 200-plus-year history. And I was rewarded for success; I would not have been rewarded if we failed.
Watches are the only jewelry men can wear, unless you're Mr. T.
Our success educationally, industrially and politically is based upon the protection of a nation founded by ourselves. And the nation can be nowhere else but in Africa.
I'm better than P. T. Barnum and Colonel Parker put together.
I want to be motivational and inspirational for everybody: my big aim is more women on bicycles.
What is success? It is a toy balloon among children armed with pins.
As my father used to tell me, the only true sign of success in life is being able to do for a living that which makes you happy.
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
I don't like being choreographed to a T. I like to take steps and make them my own.
Memories of our lives, of our works and our deeds will continue in others.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. There's no point in being a damn fool about it.
No self-respecting woman should wish or work for the success of a party who ignores her sex.
Success is not a destination, but the road that you're on. Being successful means that you're working hard and walking your walk every day. You can only live your dream by working hard towards it. That's living your dream.
Failure is a part of success.
The measure of success is not whether you have a tough problem to deal with, but whether it is the same problem you had last year.
Raising children is an uncertain thing; success is reached only after a life of battle and worry.
The secret of success is to be in harmony with existence, to be always calm to let each wave of life wash us a little farther up the shore.
We relish news of our heroes, forgetting that we are extraordinary to somebody too.
My success isn't a result of arrogance - it's a result of belief.
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
The essential elements of giving are power and love - activity and affection - and the consciousness of the race testifies that in the high and appropriate exercise of these is a blessedness greater than any other.
The only thing I'm addicted to is winning. This bootleg cult, arrogantly referred to as Alcoholics Anonymous, reports a 5 percent success rate. My success rate is 100 percent.
Few things are more important to each individual's future success or to our nation's prosperity than education.
The secret of our success is that we never, never give up.
It's good to test yourself and develop your talents and ambitions as fully as you can and achieve greater success; but I think success is the feeling you get from a job well done, and the key thing is to do the work.
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory.
Don't think, just do.
I'd rather be a failure at something I love than a success at something I hate.
My father was an immigrant who literally walked across Europe to get out of Russia. He fought in World War I. He was wounded in action. My father was a great success even though he never had money. He was a very determined man, a great role model.
Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you've got to start young.
In hindsight, I slid into arrogance based upon past success.
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure.
To design the future effectively, you must first let go of your past.
If someone says 'grunge' or 'punk,' you know what the sound is, but if you say 'No Wave,' it's kind of mysterious. That was the most interesting part and should have been the most inspirational thing about it... here's this collective sonic insanity, and none of it sounds anything alike.
Success is the sweetest revenge.
The time I had waited probably made the difference between success and failure.
There is progress whether ye are going forward or backward! The thing is to move!
Well, you would have to say what is the criteria to determine the success of any merger? It would have to be that the companies are stronger financially, that they took market share, and they are on a very steady footing in terms of their performance.
Success is a process, a quality of mind and way of being, an outgoing affirmation of life.
Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties.
Happy people are ignoramuses and glory is nothing else but success, and to achieve it one only has to be cunning.
Whenever an individual or a business decides that success has been attained, progress stops.
Formula for success: rise early, work hard, strike oil.
The best way out is always through.
We're not afraid of risking what was our success yesterday in order to explore some new field. We're adventurous. We like the challenge of unknown territory, unknown artistic field, and that's what stimulates us.
Personal satisfaction is the most important ingredient of success.
Brand is not a product, that's for sure; it's not one item. It's an idea, it's a theory, it's a meaning, it's how you carry yourself. It's aspirational, it's inspirational.
Life affords no higher pleasure than that of surmounting difficulties, passing from one step of success to another, forming new wishes and seeing them gratified.
When you delegate work to the member of the team, your job is to clearly frame success and describe the objectives.
What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail?
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way.
I grew up in a bookless house - my parents didn't read poetry, so if I hadn't had the chance to experience it at school I'd never have experienced it. But I loved English, and I was very lucky in that I had inspirational English teachers, Miss Scriven and Mr. Walker, and they liked us to learn poems by heart, which I found I loved doing.
To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded.
You weren't born just to live a life and to die; you were born to accomplish something specifically. Matter of fact, success is making it to the end of your purpose; that is success... Success is not just existing. Success is making it to the end of why you were born.
The supreme quality for leadership is unquestionably integrity. Without it, no real success is possible, no matter whether it is on a section gang, a football field, in an army, or in an office.
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.
The culture of a workplace - an organization's values, norms and practices - has a huge impact on our happiness and success.
Success for me means being able to work. I don't look at so much at what I've done as much as I look to what I will do.
Fear of failure, it's the greatest motivational tool. It drives me and drives me and drives me.
The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents.
Success is where preparation and opportunity meet.
Discipline is the soul of an army. It makes small numbers formidable; procures success to the weak, and esteem to all.
To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders.
I'm different, and I have to be a warrior to be that way. But I have had some success; I hope I have touched the lives of some wonderful people, all by being what I see as myself but some others people see as different.
Honesty and integrity are absolutely essential for success in life - all areas of life. The really good news is that anyone can develop both honesty and integrity.
I'm still craving approval from my parents. It took a lot of success for me to realize it was never coming. It's just not in their nature.
There is little success where there is little laughter.
Every day is a new opportunity. You can build on yesterday's success or put its failures behind and start over again. That's the way life is, with a new game every day, and that's the way baseball is.
Keep your feet on the ground, but let your heart soar as high as it will. Refuse to be average or to surrender to the chill of your spiritual environment.
The number of stressors has multiplied exponentially: traffic, money, success, work/life balance, the economy, the environment, parenting, family conflict, relationships, disease. As the nature of human life has become far more complicated, our ancient stress response hasn't been able to keep up.
Money won't create success, the freedom to make it will.
Young people need the hands-on training that comes with a summer job. They need to know how to dress for success and nail job interviews. But most of all, they need mentorship, guidance, and inspiration.
There is nothing impossible to him who will try.
Success is only meaningful and enjoyable if it feels like your own.
Success is the progressive realization of predetermined, worthwhile, personal goals.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go.
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.
I like to put on hardcore when I have to clean my apartment, which I hate to do, but it's motivational. I like old heavy metal when I'm outside working on my car. Music has definite functions for me.
Success is steady progress toward one's personal goals.
Give Obama a script he has made his own, and he is the motivational speaker to end all speakers. Tony Robbins cloned with Honest Abe.
The moment we believe that success is determined by an ingrained level of ability as opposed to resilience and hard work, we will be brittle in the face of adversity.
There's no escalators - there's only staircases to success. There is no substitute for hard work.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
People tell you the world looks a certain way. Parents tell you how to think. Schools tell you how to think. TV. Religion. And then at a certain point, if you're lucky, you realize you can make up your own mind. Nobody sets the rules but you. You can design your own life.
Failure is not our only punishment for laziness; there is also the success of others.
The Wright brothers flew right through the smoke screen of impossibility.
Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go.
To be ready to fail is to be prepared for success.
They can conquer who believe they can.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.
I think baking is very rewarding, and if you follow a good recipe, you will get success.
Do your little bit of good where you are; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world.
Every city across the country that has successfully renewed and revitalized itself points to a robust education system as its fundamental key to success.
Divorce is never a pleasant experience. You look upon it as a failure. But I learned to be a different person once we broke up. Sometimes you learn more from failure than you do from success.
Half a century ago, the amazing courage of Rosa Parks, the visionary leadership of Martin Luther King, and the inspirational actions of the civil rights movement led politicians to write equality into the law and make real the promise of America for all her citizens.
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success!
Challenge is the pathway to engagement and progress in our lives. But not all challenges are created equal. Some challenges make us feel alive, engaged, connected, and fulfilled. Others simply overwhelm us. Knowing the difference as you set bigger and bolder challenges for yourself is critical to your sanity, success, and satisfaction.
Success is a terrible thing and a wonderful thing. If you can enjoy it, it's wonderful. If it starts eating away at you, and they're waiting for more from me, or what can I do to top this, then you're in trouble. Just do what you love. That's all I want to do.
Humility is the true key to success. Successful people lose their way at times. They often embrace and overindulge from the fruits of success. Humility halts this arrogance and self-indulging trap. Humble people share the credit and wealth, remaining focused and hungry to continue the journey of success.
If people ask me for the ingredients of success, I say one is talent, two is stubbornness or determination, and third is sheer luck. You have to have two out of the three. Any two will probably do.
The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.
Once I knew only darkness and stillness... my life was without past or future... but a little word from the fingers of another fell into my hand that clutched at emptiness, and my heart leaped to the rapture of living.
Success is simple. Do what's right, the right way, at the right time.
We do not realise that we are children of eternity. If we did, then success would be no success, and failure would be no failure to us.
Well, certainly one of the ironies of the success of affirmative action is that the middle class within the black community no longer lives within 'black community' by and large.
All my music is inspirational. You just gotta listen to the words and get what you can get out of it.
Nobody travels on the road to success without a puncture or two.
Our success in Singapore was a Herculean effort by the whole team. Now I am determined to deliver on all we promised. I will be watching like a hawk.
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want.
Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best of which you are capable.
One goes through school, college, medical school and one's internship learning little or nothing about goodness but a good deal about success.
If you create incredible value and information for others that can change their lives - and you always stay focused on that service - the financial success will follow.
Winning isn't everything, but it beats anything in second place.
Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds.
Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money.
The cost of our success is the exhaustion of natural resources, leading to energy crises, climate change, pollution, and the destruction of our habitat. If you exhaust natural resources, there will be nothing left for your children. If we continue in the same direction, humankind is headed for some frightful ordeals, if not extinction.
One of the rewards of success is freedom, the ability to do whatever you like.
How can they say my life is not a success? Have I not for more than sixty years got enough to eat and escaped being eaten?
Belief creates the actual fact.
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today!
If you always put limit on everything you do, physical or anything else. It will spread into your work and into your life. There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them.
Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort.
Achieve success in any area of life by identifying the optimum strategies and repeating them until they become habits.
If you're going through hell, keep going.
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will.
Just remember, you can't climb the ladder of success with your hands in your pockets.
We fall forward to succeed.
The American Dream is one of success, home ownership, college education for one's children, and have a secure job to provide these and other goals.
Success requires first expending ten units of effort to produce one unit of results. Your momentum will then produce ten units of results with each unit of effort.
Success is not a function of the size of your title but the richness of your contribution.
Success is full of promise till one gets it, and then it seems like a nest from which the bird has flown.
All I can do will only ever be a faint image of what I see and my success will always be less than my failure or perhaps equal to the failure.
It is the combination of reasonable talent and the ability to keep going in the face of defeat that leads to success.
Tomorrow is the most important thing in life. Comes into us at midnight very clean. It's perfect when it arrives and it puts itself in our hands. It hopes we've learned something from yesterday.
Whatever you vividly imagine, ardently desire, sincerely believe, and enthusiastically act upon... must inevitably come to pass!
Being happy is of the utmost importance. Success in anything is through happiness.
I tried out various experiments described in treatises on physics and chemistry, and the results were sometimes unexpected. At times, I would be encouraged by a little unhoped-for success; at others, I would be in the deepest despair because of accidents and failures resulting from my inexperience.
One might think that the money value of an invention constitutes its reward to the man who loves his work. But... I continue to find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success.
In the end, you make your reputation and you have your success based upon credibility and being able to provide people who are really hungry for information what they want.
Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined.
My childhood, adolescence and high school days are unusually important. If there has ever been a time that I developed a uniqueness and sense of humor and the ability to organize, it was then. In those early days, I developed the skills that gave me a certain degree of success in American politics.
Why be a man when you can be a success?
Nothing succeeds like the appearance of success.
I thought 'Moulin Rouge' was inspirational, and 'Jesus Christ Superstar' I loved.
Your personal life, your professional life, and your creative life are all intertwined. I went through a few very difficult years where I felt like a failure. But it was actually really important for me to go through that. Struggle, for me, is the most inspirational thing in the world at the end of the day - as long as you treat it that way.
The leaders who we admire who have been able to bring great change in the past - Gandhi, Martin Luther King, Nelson Mandela - they're all inspirational religious leaders and smart tacticians. It would be nice to find the Muslim Gandhi, wouldn't it?
Much effort, much prosperity.
The real success in golf lies in turning three shots into two.
Don't confuse fame with success. Madonna is one; Helen Keller is the other.
Of all things visible, the highest is the heaven of the fixed stars.
Future peace, prosperity and confidence depend not just on ourselves but on the success of all nations. Hence, we are all partners, no matter what our backgrounds, cultures, faiths and histories.
A rejection is nothing more than a necessary step in the pursuit of success.
Reach for it. Push yourself as far as you can.
Our goals can only be reached through a vehicle of a plan, in which we must fervently believe, and upon which we must vigorously act. There is no other route to success.
Religious speech is extreme, emotional, and motivational. It is anti-literal, relying on metaphor, allusion, and other rhetorical devices, and it assumes knowledge within a community of believers.
Despite the success cult, men are most deeply moved not by the reaching of the goal but by the grandness of the effort involved in getting there - or failing to get there.
My tastes and inspirational artists were always rather eclectic and diverse.
If a man has been his mother's undisputed darling he retains throughout life the triumphant feeling, the confidence in success, which not seldom brings actual success along with it.
If the world seems cold to you, kindle fires to warm it.
If you want to be truly successful invest in yourself to get the knowledge you need to find your unique factor. When you find it and focus on it and persevere your success will blossom.
Your success depends mainly upon what you think of yourself and whether you believe in yourself.
I had hoped when my life was chronicled, it would be an inspirational story.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
We all obviously need others to look up to, and be inspirational to us. Ford did a great job as far as putting the presidency back where it belonged, getting the trust back after Nixon. And President Reagan has been one of the most influential presidents.
Two roads diverged in a wood and I - I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.
My first book was called, 'Mountain, Get Out of My Way,' where I did an autobiographical sketch, if you will, looking back at myself and looking back at things in my life, and juxtaposing them against things that are happening in other people's lives and trying to be motivational.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
We should measure welfare's success by how many people leave welfare, not by how many are added.
Roosevelt's declaration that Americans had 'nothing to fear but fear itself' was a glorious piece of inspirational rhetoric and just as gloriously wrong.
Enjoying success requires the ability to adapt. Only by being open to change will you have a true opportunity to get the most from your talent.
'Tis pleasant, sure, to see one's name in print. A book's a book, although there's nothing in 't.
Faith is love taking the form of aspiration.
Success in training the boy depends largely on the Scoutmaster's own personal example.
When I was working at the Sprint store, I got laid off. I was bummed out, but I stayed positive. I used the money I had earned while working there to make my first album. Without that job, maybe 'Corazon Sin Cara' would never had been made. It's a very inspirational story.
Applause waits on success.
Health is the greatest possession. Contentment is the greatest treasure. Confidence is the greatest friend. Non-being is the greatest joy.
Good ideas are like Nike sports shoes. They may facilitate success for an athlete who possesses them, but on their own they are nothing but an overpriced pair of sneakers. Sports shoes don't win races. Athletes do.
I am not a has-been. I am a will be.
To be a good loser is to learn how to win.
Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.
Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them.
Being kind is the most important thing I've ever been taught. That's what my parents always told me - more important than ambition or success is being kind to people. The cornerstone of my life. What I aspire to is to be kind.
The development of our human resources is an area in which we need to do well as it is decisive in determining the success of our diversification programme.
Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors where there were only walls.
Step by step and the thing is done.
I learned that we can do anything, but we can't do everything... at least not at the same time. So think of your priorities not in terms of what activities you do, but when you do them. Timing is everything.
You don't look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you.
How does one measure the success of a museum?
Your positive action combined with positive thinking results in success.
One of the things that happens in the business is that success is a very strange thing in that if you are involved in something very successful the next person wants you to repeat it.
Success doesn't mean that you are healthy, success doesn't mean that you're happy, success doesn't mean that you're rested. Success really doesn't mean that you look good, or feel good, or are good.
Tell me, why is the media here so negative? Why are we in India so embarrassed to recognise our own strengths, our achievements? We are such a great nation. We have so many amazing success stories but we refuse to acknowledge them. Why?
Success is 99 percent failure.
Well I think any author or musician is anxious to have legitimate sales of their products, partly so they're rewarded for their success, partly so they can go on and do new things.
Basically, when you get to my age, you'll really measure your success in life by how many of the people you want to have love you actually do love you.
Every story I create, creates me. I write to create myself.
Success is a great deodorant.
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.
Success and failure are equally disastrous.
What's on my playlist when I'm fighting is not so much hip-hop. Sometimes, it's something more inspirational. I get a chance to think about what I'm fighting for, like, my family. It takes me to that state because a lot of times, it's a spiritual warfare for me.
The government will see that human spaceflight is useful - for science and the economy - and inspirational.
Nothing good comes in life or athletics unless a lot of hard work has preceded the effort. Only temporary success is achieved by taking short cuts.
We've stayed really normal and down to Earth I think, and haven't let the success thing go to our head.
Success - keeping your mind awake and your desire asleep.
I want to build a legacy at the WWE, but I definitely want to continue to grow the Bella Empire. I want it to go beyond the ring. I would love to be a motivational speaker.
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
My success just evolved from working hard at the business at hand each day.
True success is overcoming the fear of being unsuccessful.
There are physical characteristics which are inherited. These include things like good looks, high intelligence, physical coordination. These attributes contribute to success in life, and success in life is a determinant of optimism.
Part of the secret of a success in life is to eat what you like and let the food fight it out inside.
Before success comes in any man's life, he's sure to meet with much temporary defeat and, perhaps some failures. When defeat overtakes a man, the easiest and the most logical thing to do is to quit. That's exactly what the majority of men do.
It is not the style of clothes one wears, neither the kind of automobile one drives, nor the amount of money one has in the bank, that counts. These mean nothing. It is simply service that measures success.
It doesn't matter whether you are pursuing success in business, sports, the arts, or life in general: The bridge between wishing and accomplishing is discipline.
Money does not guarantee success.
I feel lucky because I was a nerd, which I talk about in the book, but I had academic success, so through that, because that's what my parents put a great deal of value on, I had a great childhood because I sort of fulfilled the expectations of being good at school.
Israel was not created in order to disappear - Israel will endure and flourish. It is the child of hope and the home of the brave. It can neither be broken by adversity nor demoralized by success. It carries the shield of democracy and it honors the sword of freedom.
I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often.
Ultimately, leadership is not about glorious crowning acts. It's about keeping your team focused on a goal and motivated to do their best to achieve it, especially when the stakes are high and the consequences really matter. It is about laying the groundwork for others' success, and then standing back and letting them shine.
Elegance is not a dispensable luxury but a factor that decides between success and failure.
In business, you can have one massive success that earns $50 million overnight, and that's it. You're successful. End of story. But in the music business, you have to keep on doing it.
From what we get, we can make a living; what we give, however, makes a life.
If you look at a building by Mies van der Rohe, it might look very simple, but up close, the sheer quality of construction, materials and thought are inspirational.
I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than You, and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world.
I'm very fond of the British cinema. I'm a big fan of Martin Campbell and Daniel Craig. I actually find Daniel very inspirational, especially on the physical side of things. He really inspired me to get back into shape when I started to add on a few pounds. I think he's a great role model.
I suppose your security is your success and your key to success is your fine palate.
The secret of success is sincerity.
In actuality, California could be a wonderful place to live. In fact, if you're highly educated and ambitious, you can do quite well here while enjoying the sun and the fun. The only problem: California will then blame you for your success and recommend that all your cash be removed from you.
My dad told me, 'It takes fifteen years to be an overnight success', and it took me seventeen and a half years.
The breaking of a wave cannot explain the whole sea.
Go out and do something. It isn’t your room that’s a prison, it’s yourself.
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.
Nobody knows what you feel inside unless you tell them.
Do it or don’t do it — you will regret both.
The saddest thing that can happen to a person is to find out their memories are lies.
You are beautiful because you let yourself feel, and that is a brave thing indeed.
New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings.
People think you’re crazy if you talk about things they don’t understand.
You are not free until you have no need to impress anybody.
Whatever it is you’re seeking won’t come in the form you’re expecting.
Don’t be afraid. There are exquisite things in store for you. This is merely the beginning.
People grow when they are loved well. If you want to help others heal, love them without an agenda.
The truth is rarely pure and never simple.
People do not seem to realise that their opinion of the world is also a confession of their character.
We are all broken, that’s how the light gets in.
Having a soft heart in a cruel world is courage, not weakness.
It’s so much darker when a light goes out than it would have been if it had never shone.
Don’t allow your wounds to turn you into a person you are not.
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you’re the pilot.
A work well begun is half-ended.
When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock, perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that last blow that did it, but all that had gone before.
We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life.
Ideas are a dime a dozen. People who implement them are priceless.
Purpose and laughter are the twins that must not separate. Each is empty without the other.
The only thing even in this world is the number of hours in a day. The difference in winning or losing is what you do with those hours.
Life offers no guarantees... just choices; no certainty... but consequences; no predictable outcomes... just the privilege of pursuit.
No pessimist ever discovered the secret of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new doorway for the human spirit.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. 
The dream is free. The hustle is sold separately.
Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart.
You can’t use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have.
I always did something I was a little not ready to do. I think that’s how you grow. When there’s that moment of, ‘Wow, I’m not really sure I can do this,’ and you push through those moments, that’s when you have a breakthrough.
Never let go of that fiery sadness called desire.
Challenges are gifts that force us to search for a new center of gravity. Don’t fight them. Just find a new way to stand.
What would you do if you weren’t afraid?
I don’t count my sit-ups; I only start counting when it starts hurting because they’re the only ones that count.
One, remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Two, never give up work. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. Three, if you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and don’t throw it away.
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.
Music doesn’t lie. If there is something to be changed in this world, then it can only happen through music.
When all the original blues guys are gone, you start to realize that someone has to tend to the tradition. I recognize that I have some responsibility to keep the music alive, and it’s a pretty honorable position to be in.
A guitar is like an old friend that is there with me.
To achieve great things, two things are needed; a plan, and not quite enough time.
I am hitting my head against the walls, but the walls are giving way.
I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas. I'm frightened of the old ones.
Imagination creates reality.
Please, no matter how we advance technologically, please don't abandon the book. There is nothing in our material world more beautiful than the book.
Music is my religion.
There is nothing permanent except change.
Nothing exists except atoms and empty space; everything else is just opinion.
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.
Fear is not evil. It tells you what weakness is. And once you know your weakness, you can become stronger as well as kinder.
Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin.
Time is a created thing. To say 'I don't have time,' is like saying, 'I don't want to'.
Simplicity is a great virtue but it requires hard work to achieve it and education to appreciate it. And to make matters worse: complexity sells better.
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad.
If something stands between you and your success, move it. Never be denied.
You dream. You plan. You reach. There will be obstacles. There will be doubters. There will be mistakes. But with hard work, with belief, with confidence and trust in yourself and those around you, there are no limits.
Bodybuilding is an art, your body is the canvas, weights are your brush and nutrition is your paint. We all have the ability to turn a self-portrait into a masterpiece.
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths.
 I hated every minute of training, but I said, ”Don’t quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.
When one person hesitates because he feels inferior, the other is busy making mistakes and becoming superior
The mind always fails first, not the body. The secret is to make your mind work for you, not against you.
Go hard or go home
Blood, Sweat and Respect. First Two You Give, Last One You Earn
Let Actions Do Your Talkin For You, (Unless Your Telling A Good Dirty Joke)
Stay hungry, stay foolish
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much.
Life is like riding a bicycle. In order to maintain balance, you must keep moving.
Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken.
The most important investment you can make is in yourself.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
He who conquers others is strong, he who conquers himself is mighty.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Don’t complain about what you don’t have. Use what you’ve got. To be less than your best is a sin.
The true delight is in the finding out rather than in the knowing.
People should pursue what they're passionate about. That will make them happier than pretty much anything else.
You never lose a dream. It just incubates as a hobby.
If you're changing the world, you're working on important things. You're excited to get up in the morning.
The biggest risk is not taking any risk... In a world that changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks.
Move fast and break things. Unless you are breaking stuff, you are not moving fast enough.
That brain of mine is something more than merely mortal, as time will show.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be.
The impossible often has a kind of integrity which the merely improbable lacks.
Sometimes I think we're alone in the universe, and sometimes I think we're not. In either case the idea is quite staggering.
Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.
If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.
Life is tough but so are you.
Everyday may not be good but there is something good in everyday.
Be the reason someone smiles today.
Comfort is the enemy of achievement.
Luck is where opportunity meets preparation.
Courage is knowing what not to fear.
The measure of a man is what he does with power.
The beginning is the most important part of the work.
Today is not the day I die.
I don't stop when I am tired, I stop when I am done.
Rhetoric is the art of ruling the minds of men.
Philosophy is the highest music.
All men's souls are immortal, but the souls of the righteous are immortal and divine.
You have to be odd to be number one.
Life happens wherever you are, whether you make it or not.
It is usually best to admit mistakes when they occur, and to seek to restore honor..
Sometimes the best way to solve your own problems is to help someone else.
Push yourself because no one else is going to do it for you.
Your goals don't care how you feel.
Sweat is fat crying.
Be better than you were yesterday.
Rome wasn't built in a day.
Acting like you dont care is not letting it go
If a writer falls in love with you, you can never die.
Dont lose a woman that has seen your flaws and still loves you.
All suffering originates from craving, from attachment, from desire.
Stop letting people who do so little for you control so much of your mind and emotions.
You dont have to explain your dreams, they belong to you.
Sometimes not telling people anything is a good thing.
The more you love, the more you suffer.
It always takes two. For relationships to work, for them to break apart, for them to be fixed.
Its better to have nobody than someone who is half there, or who doesnt want to be there.
Dont settle. Dont finish crappy books. If you dont like the menu, leave the restaurant. If youre not on the right path, get off it.
We all romanticize the people we adore.
The cure for anything is salt water. Sweat, tears or the ocean.
Ten years from now, make sure you can say that you chose your life, you didnt settle for it.
People will love you. People will hate you. And none of it will have anything to do with you.
Never apologize for burning too brightly or collapsing into yourself every night. That is how galaxies are made.
Eventually soul mates meet, for they have the same hiding place.
Do the scary thing first, and get scared later.
When you have a bad day, a really bad day, try and treat the world better than it treated you.
You are not weak just because your heart feels so heavy.
The way to get started is to quit talking ans begin doing.
Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.
Create. Not for the money. Not for the fame. Not for the recognition. But for the pure joy of creating something and sharing it.
Champions extend their limits and make things happen.
Anyone can exist. Most fools do. It takes guts to truly Live.
Pour on, I will endure.
This feat I also had no idea how to accomplish, but ignorance had never stopped me from taking action before.
Sacred joy exists in any suffering.
Many people will try to Sell you a Dream, its Your place to let them know you Already have one
You cannot move things by not moving.
Butterflies don't know their wings' Colors, but others see their Splendor.
If you want to be successful, put yourself in a discomfort zone.
Sometimes all the players get a bad hand. You just have to be determined enough to see the game through.
Despair and disappointment are the parent of countless inspired, inspiring, triumphant creations.
There is a miracle in your mess, don't let the mess make you miss the miracle.
Wishes don't bring riches; work make things work.
If you know your goal and work for it you will reach the peak.
Believe you can and you're half way there.
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle. As with all matters of the heart, you’ll know when you find it.
Quality is much better than quantity. One home run is much better than two doubles.
You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever.This approach has never let me down.
Hard work spotlights the character of people: some turn up their sleeves, some turn up their noses, and some don't turn up at all.
If you live long enough, you'll make mistakes. But if you learn from them, you'll be a better person. It's how you handle adversity, not how it affects you. The main thing is never quit, never quit, never quit.
If you give people tools, and they use their natural abilities and their curiosity, they will develop things in ways that will surprise you very much beyond what you might have expected.
It's fine to celebrate success, but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.
I'm a greater believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it.
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did.
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.
It's hard to beat a person who never gives up.
The future rewards those who press on. I don't have time to feel sorry for myself. I don't have time to complain. I'm going to press on.
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
The reason a lot of people do not recognize opportunity is because it usually goes around wearing overalls looking like hard work.
I do not know anyone who has got to the top without hard work. That is the recipe. It will not always get you to the top, but it should get you pretty near.
Nothing ever comes to one, that is worth having, except as a result of hard work.
When I was young, I observed that nine out of ten things I did were failures. So I did ten times more work.
Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don't recognize them.
For every two minutes of glamour, there are eight hours of hard work.
I've got a theory that if you give 100 percent all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end.
